The third was being run by the head of an investment firm .
You wonder if he was manipulating the market with his bombing targets .
The cells were operating in the Ghazaliyah and al - Jihad districts of the capital .
Al - Zaman : Guerrillas killed a member of the Kurdistan Democratic Party after kidnapping him in Mosul .
On Wednesday guerrillas had kidnapped a cosmetic surgeon and his wife while they were on their way home .
Guerrillas killed an engineer , Asi Ali , from Tikrit .
The Commission said it had no legal grounds for such an exclusion .
This item is a small one and easily missed .
But in my view it is highly significant .
Now the Electoral Commission is refusing to punish people for mere past Baath Party membership .
The situation in Iraq is only going to get better this way .
If someone committed a crime against humanity , prosecute the person .
If he or she did not , then they should have all the same rights as other Iraqis .
A team from the court managed to take his deposition before he died .
In Baghdad the fighting still continues in several areas , mostly in Sadr city and Adhamiya .
There has been talk that the night curfew might be implemented again .
Fedayeen are now visible on the street and they have become bolder than ever .
Speaking of Fallujah , we have only Al - Jazeera to rely on for our news from there .
Now you can tour Chernobyl and write your own story .
This is not a post about fault - finding or assigning blame .
It is a time to learn what happened and how it may affect the future .
There is a lot to learn about Chernobyl .
Being well - informed will give you certainty and that is desirable in a world of conflicting reports .
There are a wealth of references on Chernobyl .
Read some of the following links and draw your own conclusions .
These links present the many viewpoints that existed and still exist about the disaster called Chernobyl :
I would be interested in hearing what conclusions you reached and what you found that was most convincing .
Remember the old shoe sizing machines that was a form of radiation xray ?
Take care , my friend , Linda
I 'm sorry to say Elena 's story has been revealed to be a fake .
The tape was a way to signal priorities .
Musharraf has been trying to purge his officer corps of the substantial number of al - Qaeda sympathizers .
But so was it unlikely that a small group of Arab mujahidin would virtually take over Afghanistan .
Response : The US must do whatever it can to strengthen the legitimacy of the Pakistani government .
This terrorist organization can now only pull off far less sophisticated bombings and attacks .
We need an FDR in Iraq , not a Ronald Reagan .
George W. Bush alleged Thursday that John Edwards lacks the experience necessary to be president .
He could not name the others .
Gore released a statement Friday taking Bush to task for his comments on Pakistan 's recent coup .
A spokesman for President Clinton also criticized Bush 's comments .
I ca n't tell you how ominous I found Bush 's performance in that interview .
He could n't tell when things were becoming more unstable as opposed to less .
Another answer is that Edwards certainly knows far more about foreign affairs now than Bush did then .
I do n't see Bush doing any of this .
From Friday 's Daily Star
Saddam never did anything practical to help the Palestinians .
He did not allow Palestinian radicals to launch operations against Israel from Iraq .
The bungling of post-war Iraq by the Bush administration created a weak and failed state .
Armed militias , many staffed by former Iraqi military men with substantial training and experience , have proliferated .
They have also reestablished their historical links with Lebanese and Iranian Shiites .
An Iraq in which armed fundamentalist and nationalist militias proliferate is inevitably a security worry for Israel .
That private wealth can easily be funneled into aid for the Palestinians and for Lebanese Shiites .
The anger has spread throughout the Muslim world , including Iraq .
India defensive over Sri Lanka
Colombo , too , seems to be in an intractable position .
The reality is that India is no longer the enemy of choice for the people of Pakistan .
That distinction has now gone to the United States .
It is also far more than what any administration in New Delhi can deliver .
With Colin Powell around , the U.S. has no need of an Osama bin Laden
We all know that John Kerry served in Vietnam .
As far as George Bush knew , he and his unit could have been transferred to Vietnam .
They do n't let just anybody do it .
For example , did you know that George Bush spent considerably more time in uniform than John Kerry ?
Read on to learn the facts .
Before you fall for Dems ’ spin , here are the facts
What do you really know about George W. Bush ’s time in the Air National Guard ?
That he did n’t show up for duty in Alabama ?
That he missed a physical ?
That his daddy got him in ?
So just for the record , here , in full , is what Bush did :
Almost immediately , he began an extended period of training .
It was full - time work .
As he did , he accumulated points toward his National Guard service requirements .
Bush asked for permission to go to Alabama to work on a Senate campaign .
His superior officers said OK .
“ The Vietnam War was winding down , and the Air Force was putting pilots in desk jobs .
In fact , you were helping them solve their problem . ”
Then , at his request , he was given permission to go .
During his service , Bush received high marks as a pilot .
Voters are perfectly able to decide whether it ’s important or not in November .
Now , after the Swift boat episode , the spotlight has returned to Bush .
We should know as much as we can .
And perhaps someday Kerry will release more of his military records as well .
Byron York is a White House correspondent for National Review .
His column appears in The Hill each week .
I suspect the streets of Baghdad will look as if a war is looming this week .
Many voting centres have already been successfully attacked or destroyed in many areas .
I doubt that will be the outcome though .
Its support base is much larger than what it seems .
He said that resistance was the only commonsense solution .
Sunni Iraqis contend that elections are impossible to hold under occupation .
Al - Gu'ud had favoured elections and was in good terms with the government .
The Gu'ud family even accepted to be offered the seat of Al - Anbar governor some months back .
Al - Lihaibi was running in elections and is now said to have withdrawn following this incident .
I believe national reconciliation to be the only path forward to a new Iraq .
The Shia can not live without the Sunnis , and vice versa .
I thought the US government was looking for me .
Because of such talk , Posada has been taken into custody by Immigration officials .
Authorities would likely have been happy answering questions about Posada 's whereabouts with an indefinite shrug .
As recently as last week the official line stated they had no knowledge he had entered the country .
But will Posada be given up ?
So instead Posada may be held indefinitely , in comfortable custody .
So his name will remain unspoken .
I seem to recall the object was to smuggle explosives .
Then Charles A. Briggs came to the rescue .
looks like it is rearing its head again in Louisianna ..
If I was Rummy I 'd send Posada to Iraq to blow things up there .
The newly released papers , showing him complicit in the airliner bombing , were mentioned
Now that 's a post I can relate to .
You really got me thinking , I enjoy reading this blog .
Please check out my who let the dog out blog .
hey that 's a great blog , I also have a site about los angeles online dating
you can check it out : los angeles online dating
This is a excellent blog .
It pretty much covers dating stuff .
I 'll be sure to come back .
Hey I just love your blog .
I was searching for dog food info and found this post .
Do n't Let This Pass You By Without At Least Taking A Look .
In recent months , its fallibility has become evident .
It is likely , but not certain , that they will be deported to Myanmar .
Reports are circulating in the intelligence community that the Andaman Islands are not only thick with Myanmar rebels .
It is old news that the Tamil Tigers have developed a strong network within South Africa .
This is not unknown to New Delhi .
Considering the islands ' huge strategic importance , it is amazing how lax New Delhi has been .
As the implications of the Andaman Islands situation sink in , Indian intelligence has inevitably come under scrutiny .
Over the past decade , Bangladesh has steadily moved into a state of lawlessness .
He also writes for Aakrosh , India 's defense - tied quarterly journal .
“ There have no business being there unless they are undermining Pakistan , ’’ says a Pakistani official .
Both India and Afghanistan deny the claim .
Bush is reported to have asked a flustered Musharraf .
‘’ Bush was very well briefed before the meeting , ’’ the diplomat said .
Until then he had said Pakistan ’s options were open .
However there were visible signs of a crackdown on the Pakistan side .
That too may change .
Their removal should also provide increased motivation for Pakistan to help the return of moderate Taliban .
Karzai also has to deal with the stepped up rivalry between India and Pakistan in Afghanistan .
Senior US diplomats and military officials have warned India also .
Iran in particular feared that Qanooni would loose and then be politically isolated from the mainstream .
Qanooni refused to accept the Iranian advice as his fellow Panjsheri Tajiks urged him to stand against Karzai .
However General Barno insists the US presence poses no threat to Iran .
‘’ Afghanistan has had the benefit of cooperation from both the US and Iran .
Many Taliban living in Afghanistan voted for President Karzai .
Most of those making the charges have even flip - flopped , contradicting themselves .
But to address the substance of this Big Lie is to risk falling into its logic .
Kerry saved a man 's life while under fire .
Bush did no such thing .
What was Bush doing with his youth ?
He was drinking like a fish , every night , into the wee hours .
He gave no service to anyone , risked nothing , and did not even slack off efficiently .
Bush has a sadistic streak .
He has clearly gone on enjoying killing people on a large scale in Iraq .
Drug abuse can affect the ability of the person to feel deep emotions like empathy .
NPR 's Wade Goodwyn has this report about Mr. Bush 's time on that campaign .
He would wear khaki trousers and some old jacket .
On the phone , you could hear his accent .
It was a Texas accent .
Prominent Southern Republicans were something of a rare breed in those days .
Blount 's support of the party led him to be appointed Richard Nixon 's postmaster general .
In Washington , Blount became friends and tennis partners with Mr. Bush 's father , then Congressman Bush .
But throughout Alabama , there were Republicans and Democrats who wanted to help Red Blount .
After he found out from somebody else , Archibald attempted to talk to Mr. Bush about it .
In fact , when I broached the subject with him , he simply changed the subject .
He dated a beautiful young woman working on the campaign .
He went out in the evenings and had a good time .
I thought it unusual and , frankly , inappropriate .
Goodwyn dutifully notes that Baba Groom did n't remember George telling drunk stories .
He was trying to buddy with Archibald and impress him .
Again , decades of this sort of behavior do not leave a person untouched .
Our world is in crisis and our Republic is in danger .
When the cities are on fire with the burning flesh of men
Just remember that death is not the end
Just remember that death is not the end - Bob Dylan
Afraid I do n't have time today to discuss these , but some stories need attention :
Orders for the deal to go ahead were given by the US Department of Defense .
But the work was contracted out via a complex web of private arms traders .
Meanwhile , a decision 's been reached in the trial of Toledo priest Gerald Robinson .
When victims and witnesses stay silent , nothing changes .
Police and prosecutors have the tools .
The will is another matter .
Some do , individually .
That 's still the domain of those who do n't .
Have you sent this to congress yet ?
talk about law enforcement not having the will ...
No need to worry .
We now return you to your regularly scheduled programming ....
Funny how some things are squirelled away by well - meaning prosecutors ...
Of course law enforcement has dragged it's feet when members are taking part in the activity themselves .
It is the marrying off of young girls to older men often close relatives that enfurates me .
Husbands marry mothers and teen daughters at the same time .
a rare form of retardation is showing up in that group more than anywhere else in the world .
The doctor begs them to stop intermarrying but they say they have to keep the blood pure .
look up fumarase deficiency for more info .
Also look up the kingston family .
no one was charged for forced marriage , only the beating .
It 's a good thing too .
We would n't want those terrorists to run out of shit to shoot at us .
I suppose that it 's damn lucky for the GOP that she is populated with gullible idiots .
US outsourcing special ops , intelligence to Iraq terror group , intelligence officials say
A country deserves the leaders it has , my friends ...
As the leaders like to boast , the Mujahedeen is a family affair .
Family visits were allowed on Thursday nights and Fridays .
Many of the children were sent to Mujahedeen schools , particularly in France .
They wanted to brainwash them and control them . ''
Jimmy Plant , Blogshares is a fantasy blogosphere trading game with pretend money .
That 's all I know ; I 've had nothing to do with it .
Bush successfully makes Satan look good in comparison .
Okay , it 's partly about strippers and dope .
It 's become a guardian of morality -- not church morality ; real morality .
So ... put some information in there .
I detect the hissing lisp of the lying serpent in this article .
I 'm firing my editor .
Well , it 's not as simple and clear cut as all that .
I would n't wonder too hard .
But to me , without question , they often know perfectly well .
The police and many of their friends just thought they had run off together .
No one can contradict me when I say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked
And for ' Smartwolf ' above , think about the inversion principle being employed .
Everything they claim is a lie , and this above all .
So why even credit their claims ?
We need to be more ' rigorous ' about how we perceive these people .
See them as they are , not for what they claim to be .
The German Expressionist movement was destroyed as a result .
Does this reappropriation lead to or originate from the same place ?
Is the distinction accurate and valid ?
Does the distinction actually exist ?
Why do n't you state it ?
My point is that these are all just questions and I am undecided as to the answers .
Here 's another interesting example :
Maybe if you formulate your questions a little more specifically it will help you in acquiring the answers .
Reporting from the town where Susan Polk 's trial is going on .
I went across the bay last night to attend a farmer 's market and music event .
Lo and behold , the Mormons were there with a booth .
I resisted asking any questions that would have required either of them to think .
Has anyone read the letter purportedly from Ahmadinejad to George Bush ?
America , your condition is dire , dark and deep .
Important Kos Diary about bush 's response to the gathering storm of scandals :
But who would do a thing like that .... hey wait a minute
In scanning the whitehouse.gov site today , I noticed the following Executive Order :
I ca n't believe there are no serious metal fans who frequent RI .
Or was it supposed to initially be a process of alchemical appropriation ?
Shall we censor the works of poet Charles Baudelaire as well ?
Tronicus , if you 're still checking this thread :
A bit of a knee - jerk reaction from me there , and I apologize for my over-generalizations .
My real problem is with literalist fundamentalists , of any religion .
Thanks again to my friend Nick Keck for passing this along via e-mail .
I have never been and I will never be a Government official and I have no privileged information .
However , I will touch upon it only in passing .
Why do I put aside Israel and its own immediate neighborhood ?
The millions who died in the Iran - Iraq war had nothing to do with Israel .
Saddam Hussein did not invade Kuwait , endanger Saudi Arabia and butcher his own people because of Israel .
The Taliban control of Afghanistan and the civil war there had nothing to do with Israel .
They have a land area larger than either the US or all of Europe .
Many of them can certainly tell right from wrong , but are afraid to express their views .
It is a very potent psychological weapon .
Its real direct impact is relatively minor .
It is always shown on television in great detail .
This has not yet penetrated the thinking of the Western World .
We may arrange for the best airport security in the world .
How about the lines to the check - in counters in a busy travel period ?
It has nothing to do with true fanatic religious beliefs .
No son of an Arab politician or religious leader has ever blown himself up .
No relative of anyone influential has done it .
Are n't they interested in the benefits of going to Heaven ?
Suicide murders also have nothing to do with poverty and despair .
The poorest region in the world , by far , is Africa .
There are numerous desperate people in the world , in different cultures , countries and continents .
You can not eliminate organized crime by arresting the little drug dealer on the street corner .
Russia is beginning to understand it .
I am very much afraid that most of Europe still does not understand it .
In my humble opinion , this will definitely happen .
The Spanish trains and the Istanbul bombings are only the beginning .
The unity of the Civilized World in fighting this horror is absolutely indispensable .
Until Europe wakes up , this unity will not be achieved .
Words can be lethal .
Disinformation at time of war is an accepted tactic .
After all , if you want to be an anti-Semite , there are subtle ways of doing it .
But millions of Moslems are told by their leaders that this is the case .
You will not believe your own eyes .
But words also work in other ways , more subtle .
Dignitaries condemn the act but visit her bereaved family and the money flows .
These words are much more dangerous than many people realize .
In the inner circle are the terrorists themselves .
The money funds their travel , explosives , hideouts and permanent search for soft vulnerable targets .
The horrifying added factor is the high birth rate .
Some of the leaders of these various circles live very comfortably on their loot .
Other aspects of a civilized society must also have limitations .
Can a policeman open fire on someone trying to kill him ?
Can a government listen to phone conversations of terrorists and drug dealers ?
Should there be death penalty , for deliberate multiple murders ?
But now we have an entire new set .
Do you raid a mosque , which serves as a terrorist ammunition storage ?
Do you return fire , if you are attacked from a hospital ?
Do you storm a church taken over by terrorists who took the priests hostages ?
Do you search every ambulance after a few suicide murderers use ambulances to reach their targets ?
Do you shoot back at someone trying to kill you , standing deliberately behind a group of children ?
Do you raid terrorist headquarters , hidden in a mental hospital ?
All of these happen daily in Iraq and in the Palestinian areas .
Well , you do not want to face the dilemma .
But during the twilight zone , a lot of harm can be done .
The picture I described here is not pretty .
In the short run , only fight and win .
In the long run , only educate the next generation and open it to the world .
The inner circles can and must be destroyed by force .
The outer circle can not be eliminated by force .
When you have a malignant tumor , you may remove the tumor itself surgically .
If you want to be sure , it is best to do both .
Perhaps Sudan should be added to the list .
Syria is surrounded by Turkey , Iraq , Jordan and Israel .
This is a significant strategic change and it applies strong pressure on the terrorist countries .
It is not surprising that Iran is so active in trying to incite a Shiite uprising in Iraq .
It definitely has ambitions to rule vast areas and to expand in all directions .
It has an ideology which claims supremacy over Western culture .
When it serves their business needs , all of them collaborate beautifully .
But it really does not matter .
In the long run , Spain itself will pay even more .
Is the solution a democratic Arab world ?
We have seen it already in Algeria and , to a certain extent , in Turkey .
It will happen again , if the ground is not prepared very carefully .
I have no doubt that the civilized world will prevail .
Zawahiri was associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquest .
He had been captured the previous month in Rawalpindi , Pakistan .
The CIA reportedly has been quietly building a case that the anthrax mailings were an international plot .
This is old news .
Mabruk , at the time , was the head of Jihad 's military operations .
Hambali reportedly is cooperating to some degree .
That would require someone who had access to the strain .
He believed that the koran instructed that a jihadist should use the weapons used by the crusader .
After the alert condition had long since returned to yellow , Zawahiri in late February issued another audiotape .
The letter threatened to use biochemical weapons if the blind sheik was not released .
The CIA has known of Zawahiri 's plans to use anthrax for a half decade .
In the case of the anthrax used in the mailings , there was an electrostatic charge .
Al Qaeda had both the means and opportunity .
Sufaat used his company called Green Laboratory Medicine to buy items useful to Al Qaeda .
The fellow was carrying papers from Zawahiri and bragging about his ability to manipulate anthrax .
Microbiologist Abdul Qadoos Khan was charged along with his son , Ahmed , for harboring the fugitives .
If mistaken , how did those reports first come about ?
The Pakistan ISI and CIA rarely grant press interviews in connection with an ongoing manhunt .
Aafia was on her way with her children to visit and uncle and a friend in Islamabad .
Aafia never reached the uncle 's house .
A senior DOJ official reports that Adnan has experience as a commercial pilot .
The United States truly no longer has time for faulty analysis or politically - based preconceptions .
The lesion is further evidence of Al Qaeda 's anthrax production program at Kandahar .
Iraq , however , remains a possible source of the Ames .
The FBI 's profile includes a US - based supporter of the militant islamists .
The purpose of the letter bombs -- which resulted in minimal casualty -- was to send a message .
There was no explanation .
Mohammed allegedly was hiding in the home of the Pakistani bacteriologist Dr. Abdul Qadoos Khan .
He reportedly treated them like sons .
Green symbolizes Islam and was the Prophet Mohammed 's color .
He traveled under an alias and was accompanied by a former US Army sergeant named Ali Mohammed .
What mosques exactly did they visit and who did they meet ?
Whatever your political persuasion , the FBI and CIA deserve our support .
Media reports are a poor approximation of reality because of the lack of good sources .
I hope that we can give you some time savings by eliminating any nonessential requests .
I will send the specifics per Andre later today .
Brazil we have current data already
China we have current data already
I have to decline the invitation with regrets .
I have too many commitments right now .
Have you had an opportunity to consider the invitation yet ?
See you all there - this is ling overdue
Will you drive on that day ?
Anne , Mike will call you regarding Sarah .
However , when we were talking about this position , Mike compared Sara to Elena .
I appreciate all your help .
Thanks for putting the paperwork together .
The above services provide no value to me personally .
We 'll get the paperwork together and sent to you for naked options .
However , with my natural long , I 'm not looking to really trade around the position .
To that regards , I noticed I was not approved to sell naked calls .
I would like that ability in order to hedge some exposure I have of unexercised vested options .
Please look into that for me .
Call me if you 're interested .
How about dinner on Wednesday after that ?
How about prior to that or after that on Tuesday .
already have plans on thursday .
oh god is there an agenda .
Would dinner Thursday work instead .
Wednesday does n't work for me .
My only concern is that we take the boys away from their overwhelming task .
What do you guys think .
I will have to move my weekly meeting to Tuesday .
Did you happen to sign your employment agreement ?
Please respond to request below .
John Lavorato has requested the attached report .
He is concerned about the allocation amongst categories - in particular , Real Time Traders .
I 'm at x if you have any questions .
This is pretty easy math for me .
I am reviewing the request for an employment agreement renewal on Mark Dean Laurent .
It would still give him room to progress in the current job group should he not be promoted .
Let me know your thoughts .... then I will run it by Oxley .
Are we going to attend ?
The conference will review the parameters of these challenges and possible solutions to them .
It will examine technology options and new business models for transmission expansion .
I think that this is for you since I do n't know any of these people .
WHY : Today is John 's last day at EBS .
How do you feel about taking on another company ?
Please let me know Monday morning .
If you have not already made these decisions , Essie 's guidance should be helpful .
Please see my comments in red below .
Can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization ?
I have a few entities that may need to change groups or be assigned to a group .
This entity is not in TIS , SAP , nor Hyperion .
Despite the name , this entity appears to be a MTM company .
So I suggest it be assigned to Leon .
Set up last month to centralize merchant asset activities .
I found them and purchased both from a gallery in London , William Weston .
They should be delivered this week .
They are beautiful and will add a lot to our collection .
By the way the Lichtenstein is up and hanging in our formal living room and it is magnificent .
I have also purchased an Appel in the last month .
I am interested in several artists .
I also realize that some may not have done any works on paper or they are outrageously expensive .
For example , I would like to know if Rothko or Kline did any work on paper .
Thanks for the note .
We 'll find time when things settle down .
I see that we are scheduled to have lunch today .
I may have to postpone again , I 'll let you know later this morning .
Jeff , here is the intial draft .
Please leave as a word document and make any changes and additions that you think necessary .
I have n't even changed the wording after I first put it down .
Mark , I thought you would enjoy the comment about you .
I will put this on our calendars .
Too bad you wo n't make the Compaq thing , but maybe next year .
San Antonio , wow what a let down from the other cities .
That will be a nice time of year though .
I can recommend some good restaurants since I took Ric there last year for his birthday .
We stayed at the Menger and had a great time .
It is the officer 's meeting for Enterprise , and spouses are invited .
This means we wo n't be in town for the Compaq thing .
I have a couple of questions so I can wrap up the LOI :
We refer to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipment .
Do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer , or should this be more generic ?
I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one .
If anyone has it handy , it could speed things up for me .
I see we expect to have separate contracts for each project .
Hence , I think that we have to reference the manufacturer .
I would actually send them the draft Development Agreement a couple days after the LOI .
What are we going to get her ?
That is some good stuff .
I hear you are coming our way soon .
Look forward to drinking a few beers .
When she dances she makes the band skip .
Her cereal bowl came with a lifeguard .
When she goes to the zoo the elephants throw her peanuts .
Her high school graduation picture was an aerial photograph .
She has to iron her pants on the driveway .
The back of her neck looks like a pack of hot dogs .
Yo mama `s so fat , when she gets in an elevator , it HAS to go down .
Yo mama `s so fat , she was born with a silver shovel in her mouth .
Yo mama `s so fat , she `s got smaller fat women orbiting around her .
Yo mama `s so fat , she could sell shade .
Expect a call from Paul tonight .
What are some good interview questions ?
Is that Microwave that you gave Dan really expensive ?
Do n't take that deal out until I look at it .
Just a reminder to send me a currency report .
He will be in Calgary in a couple of weeks and will interview you then .
Do n't make Peters and Co. wait .
I did n't get a chance to talk to Paul today .
Give him a call tommorow .
I am in the office so give me a call .
The deed is done .
Find attached resume and cover letter .
Dan is really smart and a hard worker .
I think he would be a good fit .
I have n't had a chance to send it yet .
Paul is out of the office today so I have n't had a chance to talk to him .
I 'll send it as soon as you resond wether I should or not .
Are you guys still looking for an analyst ?
Should I send the resume to Dawn or you directly ?
Ryan Watt says high .
Have you any thoughts on draft or cover note ?
Does that work for you ?
She said a shower would be grand .
She has some big presentation mid-January .
How does late January sound to you .
Should we set a date now ?
Am I turning into Mother ?
Or is the letter from John an introduction to be included as a lead in to the article ?
I am not sure from the article as written that the global nature of this effort comes across .
Finally , a question regarding timing .
Sorry that this response looks so long .
Thanks for sharing this with me .
Since you asked for input , I hope that you do n't mind that I gave you some .
Do you have a view on how we might be able to achieve this goal ?
Do n't worry about it ... sorry for putting you back on speaker .
Thanks for the comment on the hearing .
The other staff reports are also looking good .
Scott Miller has been a godsend -- somebody not afraid to tell it like it is .
I apologize if I offended anyone .
Thanks for attributing the quote to me .
You did a great job at the hearing ---- it went decidely downhill after you left .
Can we get some help on the IBM issues ?
IT still can not commit to transferring messages across domains .
WebLogic is required by BackWeb , although it is designed by a separate company .
Please let us know if you have additional questions .
As you can see from the Design Document , they are pretty significant .
Please be advised that I have set the call as follows :
They are invoicing for this and I do n't have an invoice for it .
Ok to book for me and my husband , Joseph .
I was issued a new corporate American Express card .
If you need any more info , please advise .
Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay us based on SJ Non-Bondad GDP .
Can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary ?
Sorry about the flooding .
Hope you and your family survived ok .
Attached are the gas settlement and support for May .
Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed , the price was Non-Bondad .
Have a great day .
I talked with Mark at SW Gas - just honro his numbers
Nancy , can you please reconfirm with Mark the price for the gas at Bondad ?
My trader is supporting her price of SJ Bondad GDP rather than SJ Non-Bondad GDP .
Please quote the Gas on an Indexed Basis .
If you have any questions or comments , please advise .
Did dthat stuff form Joe help your car .
When are we going to get NetMeeting going ?
Did she ever go to a real doctor ?
I have n't seen her for a couple of weeks and have only talked to her .
Jared , Ruth and I are going to go over all the Florida activity tomorrow morning .
If no one objects , I will be the lead coordinator on Florida starting tomorrow .
I did n't remember if your email mentioned Judy .
Did she make it ?
If you have received this email in error please notify the sender .
Do n't forget about me .
No transportation at this point , just a tabs .
I wo n't find out until Monday .
Then I 'll take it to Ed for his approval .
By the way , Cullen and Dykman is sending copies of what we are doing to Melanie Gray .
Per our conversation a few minutes ago , attached please find the revised Stipulation .
You informed me that you would discuss this with your attorney .
Thanks for all your help on this .
Any review , reliance or distribution by others or forwarding without express permission is strictly prohibited .
If you are not the intended recipient , please contact the sender and delete all copies .
A heartwarming story of the advances of women in achieving equality throughout the world .
They will be sending the revised document to me .
I will deliver it to you for your approval .
Maybe we can go drinking too .
I do feel guilty about you doing all this work .
So I 'm going with you , I pay for the gas and the twinkies .
The response was tremendous and , in some cases , very creative .
Your fellow employees asked for everyone from Britney Spears to George Bush .
Everybody needs a little help now and then , even eSpeak .
There were plenty of internal speakers requested , as well .
Thank you all for your participation .
That would be particularly convenient for me .
Thanks for your efforts here , and thanks for being patient with me .
I 'll initiate the call .
Can we do on another day
I 'll still be here in Boston so we 'd do it over the phone .
Will you be in Houston on that day or we shall do it over the phone ?
I would like the pre-meeting site cruise .
How can we arrange it ?
I shall invite some people who work on electricity in my group to join me .
Good to hear from you and I 'm glad you 're available .
I did look at EOL and am not surprised to see its quality .
How is the site doing ?
I 'm very proud of what we 've done .
Have a great weekend .
I shall be available on both days .
Please , let me know what time would work for you .
P.S. By the way , did you have a chance to take a look at the EOL ?
The line in the POA is a seperate and distinct measure from the daily collateral .
Let me know if you think this is reasonable and workable .
We could change the language of the POA to this ...
we will not go over Global 's piece of the Cargill line ...
I think this would solve our main concern ...
Please let me know ... we are eager to keep trading with Global and yourselves ...
Let me know if we need to discuss anything .
I am hopeful that we are ready to prepare execution copies .
We look forward to your response .
I do n't know anything about these transactions .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I did n't have a chance to speak with you after the offsite to shake your hand .
Hope you enjoyed your weekend in Houston .
We need to change the Prod Description fro the LME Product .
The Base Currency Amount shall equal the volume submitted by the Counterparty via the Website .
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be US Dollars .
Please let me know your approval before we make any changes .
Can you find out who I need to send it to in HR ?
Term sheet for draft contract , as requested .
I have a change in plans next week .
My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth , so I will be heading that way on Monday .
I hope you do n't change your mind about going to the wedding Sunday .
I plan on taking Michael to the new Star Wars exhibit at the Museum of Fine Arts .
They showed some kids on TV , and they were quite taken with it .
This email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization named above .
I 'm not planning to get involved since this is your deal .
Conference Plus will be hosting this call :
Big deal kind a stuff .
Please verify that the titles are correct for everyone in your group .
The ones that I made changes to are in red .
Please use this new file as opposed to the one I sent earlier .
Please review the attached org chart for March and submit any changes by noon tomorrow .
Here 's the version showing revisions .
I 'm forwarding a revised development agreement term sheet , showing revisions from your original version .
We look forward to seeing you soon .
Peggy Banczak is the ENA lawyer who handles Mexico .
I do not think the prior e-mail got through to Kay .
Are either of you familiar with this project ?
I am not in the office today , so please include Renee Alfaro on your response .
I enjoyed your recent e-mail but was sorry to hear about your dad .
It sounds as though his health has deteriorated significantly .
These are always difficult times .
He is joining an excellent company .
I am also delighted to hear that he will continue his education working toward an MBA .
They met while they were both working on a project as lawyers in Buenos Aires .
This past Thursday night our sixth grandchild was born .
It was born to our son David and his wife Courtney .
They are a great deal of fun .
I hope you have a great summer .
Thank you for your recent request for Mr. Lay to speak at your conference .
Unfortunately , do to Mr. Lay 's schedule he will not be able to participate .
I want to check with Mr. Lay before confirming .
Could you please let us know which of these would be possible for you :
Good morning , Kitty -
Ken said to go ahead and equip it with what you think it should have .
Please let me know when he can expect to receive it .
I hope that you will be able to attend that event .
If you are not the intended recipient , you must not read , use or disseminate the information .
Kenneth Lay has approved the attached expense report for Cindy Olson .
let me know if you have any interest in the Tco - Pool Leach swap for the winter .
I ca n't remember if you guys could do it or not .
Could you tell me what deal tickets you are seeing ?
Sitara is n't matching the spreadsheet .
Actually it is not a new truck .
I believe the fuel consumption will be tolerable as well .
It is very clean and is Sandalwood , Driftwood or something of that nature in color .
I have to pick up old gray over at Jerry 's .
Debbie said , it is going to be hard on me to sale my old dodge truck .
I said Yep , had that truck longer than I have had most of my women .
I am doing dirt work and hope to plant ST Augustine Grass by Friday before rain .
I spoke with Gerald and he said there are a bunch of folks hanging around Dad 's place .
We need to change the lock and place posted signs at the gate .
I may want to put some steers or heifers up there .
I am going up soon and having the tractor fixed .
Reggie said he will pay us soon .
He also still wants the tractor if we can hold on to it .
First come , first serve .
When is the wedding ?
Be sure to take your sweety out on the balcony tonight and gaze at the full moon .
It was sure beautiful coming up last night .
She still has some sort of scholarship but I am not for sure how much it pays .
She is going to be a kinesiologist , sports injury therapist .
I think she just wants to be able to touch football players legs .
I am really proud of her .
I am sure she would like to hear from you .
At any rate , be careful and be safe .
Oh , Jeff Sherrar has a new book out .
I sure like his style of writing .
His books are always hard to put down .
I understand you have a brand new truck .
How many of Dad 's shares do you have ?
I say we just keep the dough and go to Mexico .
Is there supposed to be a cashout booked in Sitara for these months ?
I believe that Doug told me the extra was for the cashout that was not invoiced .
I assume you have your anwser and do n't need me .
I sent this to Mary last week .
She may be out because in the past she always responds pretty quick .
Can you help out ?
I need your help again .
I need prices for May , June , and July .
Attached please find the latest enovate risk policy .
I 'm still at home .
I 'll be in tomorrow .
I have a fax machine at home , though , if you prefer .
Which do you prefer ?
Are you in the office to initial signature pages today ?
If not , is there someone else that will ?
I spoke with Jeff Hodge yesterday regarding the additional language from Peoples regarding Audit Rights .
However , he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect Enron 's interests .
This language has been included in the attached draft .
My goal , however optimistic , is to execute the risk policy by the end of today .
Activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further blurred each passing day .
Thanks for your prompt attention to this .
I can print it here , initial it , and fax it to whomever you want .
She is very conscientious about what she signs , and who initials what .
Is the attached form the final final form ?
Where and to whom do you want it faxed ?
Either fax or someone else works fine .
Let me know which is easier and we can coordinate .
That way , we can get it to them in time for weekend review .
We had a nice Thanksgiving here too .
It 's not for the meek .
It was incredible what a good player Alena was .
I expect Craig did n't want Mom to see his place because it was messy .
I think compared to my house , he 's embarrased about his apartment .
So he 's going to have to start looking for another place .
And his apartment is so run down down I 'm afraid roaches might be crawling over the baby .
You 'll have to come visit to check out my new house .
It 's got its own bathroom and tv , and is pretty cozy .
It was a pretty stilted conversation for both of us .
I think she likes her special room in your house .
Why did n't Craig show Ma his appartment ?
You can take my assistant Taffy Milligan off these emails again .
Attached is the referenced agreement .
Let me know if the notice information is OK with you .
Sara is working on that with Susan Bailey , another paralegal in our Group .
Sorry I have n't written you guys in a while to keep you properly updated .
Things in Houston are good and definitely warm .
Needless to say I am very excited .
Talk to you guys soon ,
Have n't heard from you in a while .
A little birdie told me that you were checking into tickets for Seoul .
Would you come with your parents or separately ?
Let us know the latest with Ted and also with what 's going on in Houston .
The play was very good and I think well received .
I 'm going to assume that you did n't get around to it .
I 'll talk to you later .
Maybe you should ignore the sentiment of the quote I sent earlier ...
I think you may be adhering to it too faithfully .
Now back to what 's really important ... you .
I know I need some of your organizational skills .
As we discussed , the following is revised disclosure regarding direct access to deal with the cost issue :
Please call if you want to discuss .
Have a good weekend .
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential .
If you are not the intended recipient , please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately .
The least we can do is pass this news along .
Is there anyone else we should tell ?
fyi ... it sound like Bobby is in serious condition .
I think they 'll send us another update once he 's out of emergency and into a room .?
It does n't sound like he can receive visitors yet .
Thanks for the heads up .?
Do you know if Bobby can see visitors ??
Some of the folks here would like to know .
Thought you might like to know .
He is currently in the emergency room at Ben Taub Hospital .?
Keep Bobby , his team members and their families in your prayers .
Does it make sense for us to set up a meeting with you participating from Buenos Aires ?
Michael and myself are planing to be in Hoston on Thursday and Friday of this week .
We intend to see as many people as possible regarding EOL implementation .
We will meet Dave Forster and his team among others .
We would like to fit a meeting with you as a group or individually .
Just wanted to know were we stand on the ETA and PA for Argentina ?
I might also add a few items about international developments and the EEI physical power trading form .
I will take care of it .
Thanks for the reminder .
Ineos is an English company which has a majority of its operations in the US .
Please send the draft to Troy Black and he will forward to the CP .
Please deliver a copy to me as well .
I left you a voice mail on Friday .
Attached are Uecomm 's final comments to the Master Agreement .
Please find attached the Enron Master Agreement .
I have inserted the company details of Uecomm as requested .
I have tracked all changes for ease of reference .
If these amendmnets are agreeable to you can you please print and arrange for execution .
If you have any questions please do not hesitate to give me a call .
Turn up your sound a bit .
Please note that the economic provisions have been omitted .
Here 's info on the Elliotts .
Look forward to seeing pictures of the little ones .
I know you all are going to have so much fun with them .
All the best and kind regards
I am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts .
I have attempted to revise them to make them clearer .
Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else .
Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto - Leite or me with any questions or comments .
We look forward to hearing your comments .
Attached are an original and blacklined copy of your form of guaranty , which reflect our comments .
Thank you for your assistance .
Will you pass along to the appropriate person ?
Let me know if this is your understanding , as well .
Should you have any questions , feel free to call me .
Did you get a chance to find those GTC's for ENA that you can forward this way ?
Thanks , I know you are busy .
Evidently , this a problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of months now .
I 'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems .
I 'll keep you posted .
Karim - this 's likely the explanation to your other question ...
We 'll hook you guys in by videoconference .
Please let me know whether or not you can attend so I can order enough food .
The Toronto office will be video conferenced in .
Let s try before Fri , as I am planning to take that day off
Attached is the revised draft paper that reflects our conference call with Bob Fagan earlier this week .
This draft reflects the changes we discussed during our call the other day .
If you are interested in attending please e-mail me as soon as possible .
A formal invitation will follow to those who respond .
Please contact me with any questions .
Best of luck and very much looking forward to working together .
Let 's regroup on Monday .
I 'll be in Portland but can call you .
They indicated they could use Steve 's help face to face at some point .
Let me know what schedule works for you .
Yes , I would like to participate .
talk to you then .
The call will terminate once everyone has hung up .
Please let me know if any of you need additional information .
I would like to thank all of the parties who participated in this settlement process .?
Once again , thank you all for an outstanding accomplishment .
We 'll need to update the numbers for the offer we made to S.D. last week .
You had mentioned that you might want to include a shaped product .
Marly asked me to respond to you .
I hope the above is clear .
If you could respond to me on this request , thanks
Can you please give me a call to discuss trademarking ?
If we are covered , then was it necessary to register EnronOnline ?
This message is confidential .
It may also be privileged or otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal rules .
Below is the list , now updated to reflect this change .
Please let me know if there are any changes to this list .
It would be nice if Shankman and John Arnold could attend .
Perhaps you can give them a personal invitation ...
BC Gas wo n't sign the confirms with the rep in , and this has caused much difficulties .
Copies will be distributed .
I did n't either until I clicked on the down button and they popped up .
Carol , will you handle this or Mark ?
the company is Arco Products , adn their comments are on the attached file .
could you take a look at this and give me an update .
This amendment adds the British Columbia Securities Act representation to the master .
Confirmation Desk : you can stop adding the rep to the confirms now .
I 'll need to talk to you about his Monday .
Please find attached the most recent update for Merchanting Metals .
In summary the planned systems changes and manual substantiation efforts are behind schedule .
Please contact me if you require any additional information
Middle Office work being prioritised is as follows
I will be in touch directly re the items needing approval
The senior IT developer for Merchanting has resigned and been sent on gardening leave .
I intend to provide weekly updates on the status of the above actions during April
I would like to thank you for personally taking the time to closely review my application .
Take care and hope to hear from you soon .
I would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the MBA Program .
In the end , the results were not favorable .
Thanks again for taking the time to listen and talk with me .
I am very interested in energy - finance and think that your idea is a very good .
As such , please provide the following detail :
What power curve are we valuing the deal against - PJM East or West Hub ?
Are you deducting all operating expenses from the value of the option ?
Has Don provided the fixed payment stream ?
Thank you both very much for your time and help thus far .
This enables RAC to manage the associated risk during the life of the transaction both effectively and appropriately .
Randy , this is the issue I left you the voice mail on .
Do we have someone who is watching this out there ?
I assume from your message you are OK with this and they can get it nailed down ?
Please provide me your thoughts asap .
Attached is my draft of a request for rehearing .
It incorporates Mr. Stojic 's and Mr. Kelly 's initial comments .
Please approve Susan 's attached expense report and forward to accounting with a cc : to me .
Lou , do we have any sort of policy on requests like this ?
This particular chair is designed to help with back problems , which she has .
sorry , i left lou off of the message .
She forwarded the Sommer letter to Stan and discussed it with him .
Who is responsible for completing all paperwork for entering a new market ?
Is it someone on your team or someone from CEC ?
Am I scheduled to attend ?
However , we have reserved a block of rooms at the nearby Wyndham Hotel .
Do you want me to send the invoices to you ?
Can we visit about what went on with Ursula at the PRC meeting when you catch up ?
A revised version of the Evaluation form for Associates and Analysts is attached below .
Please use the attached for Associate and Analyst evaluations .
All Evaluations for Associates and Analysts must be completed using this form .
We do need a formal plan .
We have been working closely together to identify the issues as they develop and propose solutions .
Doug has been providing us with the necessary specific market information .
We have been successful in communicating that information to the new commissioners and Ercot and seeking resolution .
Grand - standing is ignored .
Those who show up with complaints but can not point to specifics are virtually ignored .
Pat Wood made a phone call to Tom Noel and told him to get the Texas market fixed .
We have been working with the State Affairs legislative committee and keeping them apprised .
The forum is expected to be invited testimony only .
Thane is in Austin on Friday , but is available by phone .
Can we find another time that works for us to meet ?
I am available after Rick 's Friday budget meeting ... are you available then ?
You are right , we do need a formal plan , Thane has started an initial draft .
Let 's get them to support constructive solutions that will make a real difference .
I would like to discuss this with you on Friday am .
You may want to discuss with Becky .
This would replace the paper copies you and your people are currently getting .
Many details remain to be worked out , but we will keep you advised .
Peter is looking currently for a job .
Please , let me know if you interested in introducing Peter to executives in your organization .
I shall be glad to make arrangements for an interview .
I am looking for a position that can utilize my software development and mathematical skills .
Getting out of the narrow confines of the pipeline simulation industry would be a plus .
Please consider whether I might fit in your group .
Your answer to a question indicated that I have several of the skills you look for .
Publications are available on request .
I will call you in a couple of days to follow up on this email .
Sorry I guess I did n't read it very well .
Contact Cindy Stark to make an appointment .
I will be completing my tour of duty in Bolivia in September of this year .
I am talking to a number of people regarding opportunities for a new assignment back in Houston office .
Thought since I will be in Houston , stop by your office for few minutes .
What is the subject matter you wish to visit about ?
Please let me know what time would work for you .
Please see the message from Danny Jones .
I am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ETS technology department .
Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated .
I have contacted the relevant people of your interest in the job .
Rick looks like a good candidate .
Please forward your comments or questions as soon as possible .
You will find attached the recommendation letter and his resume .
Their schedule is listed below .
Please let me know if you are interested in any of these games .
They will be distributed on a business basis first , then personal use .
Please note that date and time are subject to change ; please check local listings .
Mailing them to the house iis fine .
I expect to send them out to you sometime tomorrow .
Stan will attend in person .
Video : Connections will be established with remote locations upon request .
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium .
Thank you for the invitation .
Unfortunately Debbie and I will not be able to attend due to previous committments .
Please review the process below :
Let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see .
Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red .
There 's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK .
are you the right lawyer to look at this ?
See the steps for approval below .
The transaction is F.O.B. Reserve Marine Terminal in Chicago , Ill Metro Area .
Each calendar month during the term of the Transaction will be a Dispatch Period .
The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume , which will be the Contractual Currency .
select the product requiring review as stated in e-mail above
The difficulty lies in the fact that the confirmation system reads the counterparty 's name from Global Counterparty .
That is the source of Tana 's concern regarding the correct entering of divisions in the system .
Any updates on adding the correct legal name to this counterparty name ?
I 'll be in town through Sunday morning .
Any chance we can get together for dinner Saturday eve. ?
I 'm handling the afternoon -- I think that Harry has this morning .
I am in mediation .
I left a voicemail for Sharon Butcher , as well , just to make sure it is handled .
My schedule shows an afternoon session .
If so , you may want to split and cover .
I will take you next one in August .
Here is the overview of Bob Henderson 's Employment Agreement .
After that , what do we do ?
After a conversation with Ryan Seleznov I herewith like disclose in writing my intentions in respect to Dealbench .
Please see attached Word file
Please see the attached .
Do you also have a SSD we can use ?
Here are the sample Agreements .
Please let us know if you need anything else .
I agree also , but I do n't know all the parties or complications involved .
Can you please help with this one ?
I agree with what the concern is below .
Please let me know what type of statement I should make back to the customer .
Per my voicemail message , please review the note below .
I 'd like to work with you on a response to this customer .
To Whom It May Concern :
Through TV and newspapers , I hear constantly about identity fraud using stolen social security information .
I am very concerned about this issue .
I have the following suggestion for our company .
This will be safer for all employees .
We could use our badge number there instead of our SS .
Please calendar and print for my files on this meeting .
A reminder that the HR Associate Points Meeting will take place as below :
Peer reviews are currently been gathered on the above .
In addition they will be contacting you to discuss their participation in projects outside their rotation .
If anyone has any questions on the above please let me know .
This is the background to my conversation with Shanna .
I have a copy of the document I can give to you tomorrow .
Thanks for following up on this .
I did not hear back from Shanna or Sharon Butcher .
Could you please ask Shanna to take this situation to Sharon tomorrow ?
I wanted to let you know about this before I respond to her request .
Please let me know at your earliest convience if you can help me .
I think the first step is a call between yourself , me , Mark Stubley and Mike Indivero .
And then another call with all folks or a meeting at the jobsite to lay out the plan .
Barbara , please organize a call for Mike , Michelle , Mark Stubley and me .
Apparently the City informed them that no permit is required .
I have heard that the pipefitters have established a picket line at the Payne Creek site today .
We will need local legal counsel to assist us in this regard .
Please advise as to who his replacement is and their report date .
Thank you for the invitaion to the conference call .
I would like both Lynn and I to participate .
I assume we should come over EB .
Can you tell us where .
, Do you want us to come over to the Enron b in your call .
Attached is a summary of products and the various Enron groups seeking answers .
If you would like to participate in person or by conference , please let me know .
In Brazil , I will be meeting again with Tozzini lawyers .
In BA , I 'll be meeting with Marval lawyers .
Let me know if you would like to participate in any way .
please try to verify .
The call was cancelled .
I am waiting to hear about a possible call Friday morning .
If something happens that I 'm not able to participate I 'll let you know .
Please let me know if you would like for me to conference you in .
The draft you received has been approved by Dan .
If you would like this executed , please let me know .
Dan : please see if the attached draft works .
If you think any other pertinent information could be included , please feel free to add it .
I e-mailed your assistant earlier this morning and have had no response .
I will initiate the call .
If anyone would like to be conferenced in or attend in person , please let me know .
I am forwarding to you guidelines prepared for global products trading .
It 's a good starting point .
I am currently working on guidelines for Argentina which will address both physical and financial trading .
I 'm not exactly certain as to what you are looking for .
Let me know how I can help further .
Becky will bring you the hard copy version .
I 'll call you shortly .
He faxed it to you and will have the original Fedexed overnight .
Hope you 'll have time to review it today .
They do not have anything from us in writing confirming the agreed changes .
There is an outside chance we could have everything set to go this week .
To what do I owe this small pleasure ?
Are you selling burgers up and down the east coast ?
Have you gone international ?
In a new franchise business ?
Hope all is well .
Could you send me a set ?
I 'm leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow .
Thank you for your help .
Sara , here are the trader guidelines I developed for UK gas , UK power and Nordic power .
I assume you need both gas and power .
These are to some extent country or market specific .
The ruling will also be posted on the web site as quickly as possible .
Thank you for your patience and I hope you can take a few moments to enjoy the holidays .
Note that this communication is confidential , covered by CA 's settlement rules .
We believe it addresses many of the issues and concerns you have raised in the workshops .
We look forward to answering your questions and receiving your feedback .
In the meantime , we extend our best wishes for a safe and happy holiday season .
Attached is a draft of the talking points for the Commission 's hearings .
Mike Day , our outside counsel , will make the presentation on our behalf .
Going to be a wild ride .
That 's a very good point .
I 'll make the change .
Otherwise , I think you have captured the points excellently .
And Carl Wood 's remarks were extreme .
Will make that change .
This is a request for your interview participation .
Due to business reasons , previously scheduled interviewers from the Penn team have had to cancel their participation .
Please let me know of your availability .
Campus interviews are scheduled as follows :
Where : On Campus Inn at Pen
Sorry about that before .
I 'll not say anything .
Please do n't mention my NY trip to anyone .
thanks for the update .
have you gotten a price ?
Please address , and I 'll check with Legal as well .
We typically only book deals when everything is signed off .
in our case , they are only hedging .
we are collecting a premium up front and their total cost is known up front .
therefore they will not attempt to make this claim .
even if they did , our risk is limited to the premium , not some big payout .
is it possible to combine the standard isda and our confirm into a single long form ?
Thank you very much for your quick reply .
Attached is my resume .
I highlight the relevant skills in the summary .
That girl 's mother sounds like a real problem .
I 'm not sure how I would have handled it .
The mother was running late for work and could not wait .
I decided that Nicki would just have to wait on her own .
I asked her if she had any relatives that would want to know of her whereabouts .
I called her grandmother and explained things to her .
I stayed for the remainder of the lecture .
After class we went back to bus stop and within minutes her bus arrived .
I told the bus driver where to drop her off .
I notified her grandmother with the time of the departure .
And I was relieved when Nicki called to let me know she was home safe .
Please send the memo to the EGM business heads as well .
Actually , Jen has volunteered for the afternoon session .
I spoke to her prior to my note .
Is there anyone else in EGM that could participate ?
Please let me know .
Jen , please take care of this for EGM
The Analyst and Associate Programs recognize we have many Analyst needs that need to be addressed immediately .
We will conduct first round interviews in the morning and the second round interviews in the afternoon .
Please submit your response using the buttons below and update your calendar for this date .
Thanks in advance for your cooperation .
Can you provide me with more details ?
Great job , guys .
Not bad for a single cargo .
I would add setoff language .
Please note the following as you review :
If you feel strongly about our including a setoff provision , we will do so .
If you are comfortable , we will drive these changes into our other midmarket power forms .
Thanks again for your help with this project ,
I have faxed to you the form of Bond , our proposed Bond provisions and the EEI Master .
I am waiting on the confirms and will send them to you shortly by fax or e-mail .
If so , are we ready to execute ?
I understand that we are still reviewing the attachment that lists the open transactions .
How are you making out on the revised version of the LOC ?
Once we agree on the list , we can sign the EEI Master .
We need to include all outstanding transactions .
Just let me know and I can send you a new attachment .
Sounds like we may actually get these documents executed early next week .
Thanks so much for your help on this .
We can accept the language with your chnages .
Are we ready to execute ?
I am out of the office today but will be back tomorrow .
Our credit person does n't understand why the transferability language needs to be eliminated .
Is there some specific concern that we can address ?
Your comments to the transfer agreement were fine .
With respect to the Guaranty , I will delete the Schedule .
Our system did not show any other chnages .
I wanted you all to have a look at what we believe is the final draft .
It is a fairly standard , fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar .
Transwestern will own and operate the interconnect .
Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language .
We hope to execute this Agreement this week .
If you have any comments , please let me know .
After execution , we will forward a final copy to you for your files .
Paul and Judy are on board .
Can you and Tom join us ?
John , sorry for the late response , but I think you can implement immediately .
Do you think we need to do more ?
I just could n't remember if it was you or Terry .
See the attached spreadsheet .
These numbers are slightly different from the ones you put together a few weeks ago .
This difference is mainly due to the following :
Sorry for not sending this yesterday .
Monday's are always tough .
Please review and let me know what you think .
Let 's talk before I leave town next Wednesday .
Here is the Job Description and the Operational Accountabilities for the position I mentioned to you last Sunday .
As you can see it will take someone with some very good skills in organizing and interpersonal relationships .
It will also require someone who is fairly mature in their own spiritual journey .
Not the usual mode of operations .
If you have questions or issues , please let me know .
Figured they 'd contacted them , but wanted to make sure .
You know when the meeting with schedulers will be ?
I apologize , I 'm on the road and have n't heard when that will be .
I 'm thinking that I may want to attend .
If you have n't heard , SoCal 's announced their abandoning windows for OFOs .
I 'll get you the announcement .
Electricity : A panel focuses on price hikes and the actions of the ISO president .
Winter refused comment , referring all questions to the public relations office .
ISO spokesman Gregg Fishman said Dunn 's committee will find no criminal conduct .
At the time , generators were refusing to sell power in California because of the price caps .
The generators got their way .
The next day , the federal commission killed the new pricing plan .
Final authority over lifting the cap rested with the federal government .
With the price caps gone , the generators filed paperwork with federal regulators justifying higher costs .
Prices , he said , did not spike as a result .
Smutney - Jones also said he was unaware of anyone in the power - generating community being consulted .
The ISO board called an emergency meeting the next week demanding Winter explain his actions .
What Dunn 's committee hopes to learn is why all these events transpired .
Can we discuss this today or soon thereafter .
Is there any question ?
I 'll leave to Steve to structure the deal .
Are you playing golf ?
And if yes , what 's the game and wager ???
Have they expressed any interest in negotiating ?
Particularly in the absence of any entreaty from them .
Thanks for you cooperation .
How does this look ?
Thanks for your help this morning .
If so , please contact Michelle .
I 've read the materials you sent and agree we need to address these allegations appropriately .
We sued Houston Casualty last year but I do n't recall making any bad faith claims .
It settled anyway , a long time ago .
Did you get my fax on Friday ?
Please give me a call if you would like to discuss .
Not when I was there , but I was n't there the whole time .
Address this to Robin Gibbs for my signature .
Per my voice mail , here is the letter .
Have you heard if the Kinga has had little Brian II yet ?
Also , remind me of Patterson 's email , so I can harass him directly .
As you can tell from the time of my e-mail , I am getting crushed .
Please ask her to be the contact person .
I am sending you a letter from their atty .
Call me to discuss .
Richard - please let me know what we need to do next to file suit .
The attached letter is being sent to you from Patricia Gillman .
Has Liz finished with gathering the documents ?
As you may recall , they say they want a deposition on the parties ' intention .
We should be expecting a deposition notice soon if they are going to follow through on their threat .
As you see below , she is pulling those together .
Call to discuss the response to the Trustee 's settlement offer .
I have my paralegal gathering the pleadings Enron requested .
We are still very interested in having Enron support our eCommerce Dispute Management Protocol .?
We are very concerned with providing services that are relevant to that environment .
I 'll send a copy of the suit filed against the generators as soon as I get it .
OK , perhaps it was inevitable .
A press conference will be held to discuss the consumer class action lawsuit to be filed today .
the industry of Marriage and Kids , you heard me .
How can I say such an abomination , ask you ?
These are the people who keep Jerry springer on the air .
And you might think by reading this I blame the kids .....
Not so , Kids are what kids are and will do what they do .
It is literally monkey see and monkey do with them .
That will likely never change .
People like this will never have my sympathy , nor do they deserve my sympathy .
Look inside yourselves parents , is this you ?
It must be stamped out .
I see the merit in flowing with duality .
Our strength is in our unity and harmony .
Any major dischord and we all suffer .
Any insult to the collective good brings us all down .
When the healthy treat the sick with scorn and intolerance it brings us all down .
There is no escape from the collective ocean we all swim in .
What you project will always come back to either reward or haunt you .
If we are all in this thing together , let 's play nice .
In the near future collective choices will need to be made .
There is no health without peace and no peace without health .
More time with your family ?
Freedom from the fear of corporate downsizing ?
The company has developed an entirely new category of products .
Imagine being part of the next industry - changing innovation .
Agel introduces an entirely new category of products called Gelceuticals .
Never before has such a convenient method been available for consuming nutritional products .
Faster , more efficient , delivery to the body Learn More
Agel has created a new compensation structure that is truly revolutionary .
It is a revolutionary hybrid .
What is long term viability ?
It is not just company longevity .
Here are the numbers to call :
We now present the kaoshikii dance , which is excellent before and after yoga postures .
I encourage you to do this dance , as it has tremendous positive effects .
It is a dance for both males and females .
It is a psycho-spiritual exercise and benefiting the mind by developing stamina and strength .
Kaoshikii comes from the Sanskrit word ' kosa ' meaning shell or layer of mind .
This attempt is normally referred to as mysticism .
Exercises all the glands and limbs from head to toes .
Makes for easy delivery at childbirth .
The spine will become flexible .
Arthritis of the spine , neck , waist and other joints will be removed .
Gout in the spine , neck , hands and waist will be lost .
Irregularities in menstruation will be cured .
Troubles in the bladder and urethra will be cured .
Adds charm and shine to the face and skin .
Fear complexes will be removed .
Hopelessness will be lost .
Helps in self - expression and develops one 's potentiality .
First the dancer begins in the starting position : the hands together and raised over the head .
Kaoshikii can be danced for as many rounds as you like .
The polar bear is more dangerous than most other bears .
Again Dr. Fortier threw rocks at the bear and again its target was able to escape .
Mr. Crawford threw several punches at the assailant before he was stabbed in the heart .
It was the favorite fruit of founder Steve Jobs .
The name was derived from the founder 's name Dr. Michael Cowpland .
Mitch Kapor got the name for his company from ' The Lotus Position ' or ' Padmasana ' .
Founder Paul Galvin came up with this name when his company started manufacturing radios for cars .
The popular radio company at the time was called Victrola .
The project was designed to help use the newly written SQL code by IBM .
Later they kept the same name for the company .
The word was invented by Jonathan Swift and used in his book ' Gulliver 's Travels ' .
It represents a person who is repulsive in appearance and action and is barely human .
I have seen great fan sites suddenly disappear without notice and for no reason .
Anyone know a release date ?
Oh well , I 'll get it when it comes out in Febuary .
I was kind of curious , what exactly is Guild Wars ?
Check out the Guild Wars Web site at for more info about the game .
It 's worth a look .
I have a preorder and am even considering getting a second preorder to have multiple accounts .
I have participated in all the weekend beta events and the world preview .
Warm greetings to all in this GW community .
I am Lady Kingel and I hail from the United Legit Gaming Guilds of Guild Wars .
The alliance is a pretty straightforward one .
We play in all aspects of the game and we hand pick our members .
I would like to personally invite each of you to visit our website .
You will be greeted by many members of this wonderful family .
If you paste this in your browser , it will take you directly to our GW website .
I extend my hand to each of you in true friendship , and honor .
We are currently moving to a new server , so we will be down for a while .
I will inform when we are up and running again .
I wish all happy holidays , and moreso , wish peace on earth .
Like it or not , for good or bad , we are here .
We are the children of poverty , financial and spiritual .
We have and will have children of our own , grandchildren too .
We are the enemy in what has become a domestic war against ourselves .
You who like the tough talk of Tough on Crime ?
You who watch as budgets are cut in education and health care while you militarize a police force ?
And what is there to show for it ?
Please tell me there is a deeper reason .
Do you feel safer ?
More like a cohesive society with a shared sense of purpose , who can identify Us and Them ?
Do you live in a gated community or gentrified neighborhood ?
It 's about time we got together .
Most of us believe in crafting laws and instilling order .
Do n't you think it 's time we talked ?
Can you accept that the road we are travelling points toward a grim and painful future ?
Do you have the heart to face monumental failures while bravely struggling beyond where we are now ?
You need our insights just as we need your structure .
P.S. - I am trying to conceptualize an effective guerilla media campaign to promote this cause .
There are a couple of packages available through the supporters of the comp.sources.unix archives .
This letter might surprise you because we have not met neither in person nor by correspondence .
That is why my family and our colleagues are urgently seeking your gracious assistance .
The Internal Revenue Service of the United States of America will function as our trusted intermediary .
I know that a transaction of this magnitude would make anyone apprehensive and worried .
But I am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day .
A bold step taken shall not be regretted , I assure you .
I pray that you understand our plight .
My family and our colleagues will be forever grateful .
Please reply in strict confidence to the contact numbers below .
US battles to save storm victims
The city mayor said rescuers were unable to retrieve the dead .
The Superdome stadium is without power , and toilets are overflowing .
Map of central New Orleans
The BBC 's Alastair Leithead in New Orleans says there is panic as vital supplies run out .
Heavily armed police have been trying to impose a form of martial law to stem outbreaks of looting .
While some looters are stealing non-essential goods , others are simply trying to find food and water .
Casinos housed in barges have been hurled onto the beach and beyond .
The US energy secretary has announced that oil will be released from government petroleum reserves .
I hope you have found this information helpful .
If you have any questions , please request clarification prior to rating the answer .
Comments Log in to add a comment
Let me add some additional info .
i find that extremely hard to believe .
Please take a moment to read this .
This is not a hoax , as so many of these emails actully are .
Below are some emails to friends explaining a little more about this effort .
You can vote at the following link , it will only take a few seconds .
Please take a moment to click on the link below and cast your vote for Beyond Control .
Thank you in advance for your contribution to this effort .
Also , please pass this along to everyone you know , and all of your email contacts .
We need the power of the internet to pull this off .
You can check the validity of all of this at the Beyond Control website .
Many thanks , and may God bless you all and keep you healthy .
I will attach the letter explaining the benefit we are sponsoring .
There is a link to the contest page .
Any help in distributing this will be greatly appreciated .
It is certainly for a good cause .
I hope you have a huge network .
Thank you so much for caring enough to offer your help .
Please help us to help her win this fight .
Please help us by logging onto the Rockin on the River website at .
Cast a vote for Beyond Control , and help us provide Abby with her life saving treatments again .
Donations can also be made through Charter One Bank .
Increased car usage in China is creating a high demand for petrol
The West , however , has paid little attention to these developments .
China has its own reserves of oil and natural gas and once was a net oil exporter .
This year it overtook Japan as the world 's second largest consumer of energy , behind the US .
Shortages are already leading to power cuts in the big cities .
Japan favoured a route to the sea , enabling oil to be shipped to both Japan and China .
Visualisations can be as useful tools , but meditation is more than that .
Meditation has to do with what is called ideation .
Find a comfortable place on the floor and sit with your legs crossed .
Spend a minute or so concentrating on your breath , feeling the air flowing through your nostrils .
Imagine the tension melting away as you continue breathing rhythmically and naturally .
Picture yourself sitting on a warm , tropical beach basking in the glow of the sun ... .
Feel yourself floating above the earth and sea .
The golden rays feel soft and soothing .
Now you are far above the earth - into space .
Everything around you is so vast .
Yet , there is warmth and a familiarity with the vastness .
You want to merge your mind with the greater universal Mind that surrounds you .
Continue to ideate on this intense desire for your mind to merge with the that universal Consciousness .
Now come back to earth again - slowly .
Imagine yourself sitting on the beach serenely and restfully .
Your muscles are loose and limp .
Feel your body sinking slightly into the sand making that earthly connection again .
The sun 's rays and warmth are still with you , surrounding you .
You are in a state of peace and relaxation .
With each breath , watch your body and ensure that it remains relaxed - at peace .
Continue to feel the warmth of the sunlight all over your body , warming you deeply and gently .
A warm , gentle breeze swirls around your body and relaxes you even more .
Let your mind and body be totally at peace .
Another thing you can try .
Feel that you 're sitting there in complete peace , right on top of the world .
Now imagine that infinite happiness is surrounding you in every direction .
Feel you 're completely surrounded by that infinite peace and happiness .
It is important to take the idea , not just the intellectual analysis .
Touching deep into the idea is what builds intuition - it is a synthetic process .
Whereas , trying to translate and grapple with wordy meanings is an intellectual mechanism - an analytical process .
Continue for as long as you like , then open your eyes .
Do n't worry if you have trouble concentrating on the mantra and ideation - that 's normal .
The main thing is to keep practicing .
If you do n't practice , then nothing happens .
But that ’s not the case .
At its February meeting the CHS Vestry voted unanimously to add their names to the Declaration .
Our Rector Barbara and our Deacon Clare also have signed the Declaration .
Thank you for your consideration of this issue .
We become most fully human when we love another person .
We can grow in our capacity to be human - to be loving - in a family unit .
We feel called to protest and oppose this injustice .
As concerned citizens we affirm the liberty of adults of the same gender to love and marry .
However , we draw on our many faith traditions to arrive at a common conviction .
We affirm freedom of conscience in this matter .
He Would Tear Down Our System Of Checks And Balances , Giving Far Too Much Power To The President
He has a very high intellect .
He graduated very high in his class , from Princeton undergraduate and from Law School at Yale .
His fellow judges love him .
Sometimes you can make a bad decision very quickly , then regret it for many years to come .
And because of this tragic flaw . . .
The Military is not part of the Executive Branch : it is a separate entity .
For details and further proof , please see these websites :
May God help us all .
Copies of this message are located below .
If you want to help , please send them to everyone you know who needs to read them .
Secretive efforts keep outsiders in the dark about the program 's goals
The final phase will feature the assembly and operation of a longer - duration space lab .
As it turned out , the Soviets never made it to the moon .
I am serious about doing something .
I 've pasted the email for those who have n't seen or would like to re-read it .
It 's also got the website where the song has been uploaded .
They are confined in this way until they finally die .
These animals have the misfortune to produce a substance that is useful in the manufacture of perfume .
Again , if anyone wants to read Rachels ' entire article , let me know .
I hope all are well .
I figured it would end soon , but the money just kept coming in .
Let me tell you how this works and most important , why it works ..........
If all the following instructions are adhered to , you will receive extraordinary dividends .
This program remains successful because of the honesty and integrity of the participants .
Please continue its success by carefully adhering to the instructions .
You will now become a part of the Mail Order business .
You are in the business of developing Mailing Lists .
Many large corporations are happy to pay big bucks for quality lists .
What you are doing is creating a service .
Change anything you need to but try to keep this article as close to original as possible .
Look at it this way .
This will copy the entire letter into the computer 's memory .
Open a blank ' notepad ' file and place your cursor at the top of the blank page .
Save your new notepad file as a text file .
Blue Planet : Who 's afraid of Big Bad Wolf ?
Their sheep could graze , their cows could ruminate and never a discouraging word would be heard .
After the major kill - offs , wolves outside of Alaska and Canada existed mostly as legend .
Like UFOs or Sasquatch , several people claimed to see fleeting lone wolves , usually in Yellowstone .
If so , this happy band has not been heard from since .
If true , the caper failed .
Over time , the wolf 's absence seemed to rehabilitate its image .
Some recent research conducted by Oregon State University has given considerable credence to this idea .
This simple change has triggered a veritable ecological cascade in Yellowstone .
More streamside willow and aspen have meant better habitat for beaver , for instance .
It 's important with regard to the quality of streams .
The plants provide shade and root strength for bank stability .
He vacated the FWS decision to downgrade the wolf 's status .
Bangs said his agency is still reviewing the decision .
Regardless of the wolf 's legal status , its future expansion into new areas now seems likely .
Pound for pound , mountain lions eat more game and more livestock than wolves .
They even occasionally attack people , which wolves do not -- despite the propaganda from the Brothers Grimm .
Yet people seem willing -- even eager -- to accommodate mountain lions , despite the risks .
It remains to be seen whether they will extend the same courtesy to the arriving gray wolf .
They seem to be just that : rumors .
They already are altering their patterns of behavior in response to what is happening .
Phenology studies an organism 's development and life cycle -- the pulse of life .
Birds arrived sooner on their migrations from the south and plants flowered earlier .
The forest phlox is blooming in late April instead of mid-May .
In England , the cuckoo returns earlier .
These changes are occurring across all species , Parmesan told UPI 's Climate .
Some localized extinctions already have occurred across some of its habitat .
Tropical species have moved up to Florida and the Gulf Coast .
The report also found alterations of ecosystem processes such as carbon cycling and storage .
As with so much climate research , not everyone agrees with these dire predictions .
Important species that probably would decline include shrimp , capelin , Greenland halibut and some varieties of flatfish .
In a limited economic sense , therefore , the organization can argue warming might be a good thing .
The problem is whether one cares what happens to the polar bears , checkerspot butterflies and other unconsumables .
The Pew researchers tried to transcend the economic argument .
Climate is a weekly series by UPI examining the impacts of global climate change .
What will be the lasting effects of Hurricane Katrina and what can be learnt from the response ?
Has the disaster affected the way other countries view the US ?
Send us your comments using the form .
You people think it is race , but it is not .
Distances are not what they are in the old world .
It is always interesting what spin the press will take .
Certainly , representation of the US in other countries will have a certain depiction .
I have a friend who came here from Bulgaria after winning a green card in a lottery .
Yes , she and her family were delighted to leave the communistic remnants in that country .
Her husband became a citizen of the US just the week before last .
So , yes , America has pockets that are more diverse than others .
Unfortunately , those left behind to be filmed , where those without transportation or means .
Some refused to leave , but so many were unable to .
Yes , it 's a valid reflection of America - we do have cities like this .
I do n't know if this will change other nation 's perceptions of America .
I do know that this will change the face of America .
Will racial diversity find its way to Wyoming as some people are offered jobs there ?
What will the federal government do to prevent inflation in the housing and building market ?
Your reply is good and deserves something good in return .
What I know is that I have a close friend who's aunt disappeared in New Orleans .
My friend did n't have computer capability , so I spent the day searching and posting online .
The cousins could not be found because no one was sure of their married names .
When common sense takes a back seat to politics and legal mumbo jumbo what have we become ?
Recently , Bush addressed the nation .
Even he ca n't believe that he is trotting out this old saw again .
I 'm sorry he makes me want to puke so I shut him off .
All Aries natives may have to tighten their belts and curb their desire for constant expansion .
You may need to play it cool and curb your spending .
You will be more eloquent and persuasive than usual , and others will identify enthusiastically with your vision .
As the year progresses , the more impressive your ideas and works become .
You now have it in you to create the kind of life for yourself that you want .
These leaps and bounds forward include love and creativity .
Enjoy the restful periods when you can .
Your love life is full , and any dissatisfaction with career and money matters fades into the background .
You 'll be able to create opportunities for advancement almost out of thin air .
Money may suddenly become tight at a very inconvenient time .
Your working life might not go so smoothly this year , Virgo .
On the bright side , your finances will be pretty stable .
Just do n't take it for granted - you still need to be cautious this year .
And , you 're going to develop a hopeless romantic streak .
Flex your muscles , friend Libra , and prepare for a relatively easy ride .
Your life might take on an entirely new direction you 've never dreamed of .
You may also change your residence during the year .
Be prepared for new horizons .
They may not be familiar , but they will be fascinating .
Are you prepared to handle absolute power ?
There 's so much punch packed into this combination that it 's almost scary .
You 'll find the ultimate power is the ability to choose your own destiny .
Your career opportunities will expand exponentially , and you 're likely to change jobs or positions this year .
It 's a big year for you , friend Pisces .
You 'll experience a new sense of purpose and make plenty of new friends .
Introduces the word gambit .
Nostromo A Tale of the Seaboard
At night , however , he slept alone , and the avenger might find him .
In some way I had excited the suspicion of Lopez , the secretary .
He crept up behind me and sprang upon me just as I had finished the note .
He and his master dragged me to my room and held judgment upon me as a convicted traitress .
But they determined to get rid forever of Garcia .
They had gagged me , and Murillo twisted my arm round until I gave him the address .
I swear that he might have twisted it off had I understood what it would mean to Garcia .
Some months later Sutcliffe died from brain haemorrhage because of John Lennon 's bruises .
It will vanish and shrink .
This is something that his ego trip of lucky bad musician could not face anymore ....
He is very conscious that money and fame can not buy virility and manliness .
The Beatles are very well known by people close to them for their arrogance and racism .
Their chauvinisms got to the point that even they themselves hated each other .
George Harrison said that he is tired of listening to people talk about John Lennon ....
Without George Martin the Beatles would have been just another untalented band as Oasis ....
Is the old Devil attempting to disguise as good in front of people .
Satan deceiving mankind once again , as so many other thousands of times through the centuries ....
For the sake of mankind , you should email our verdict to your friends .
An examination of the ramifications of such an attack is desperately in order .
In essence , Iran now owns a significant portion of the Iraqi government .
Iraq , already a seething cauldron , will sink further into chaos .
In essence , Iran holds the high ground in the Gulf .
Missile batteries arrayed in those mountains could raise bloody havoc with any fleet deployed below .
These missiles are , simply , the fastest anti-ship weapons on the planet .
The Sunburn is also superior to the Exocet missile .
The Stark could not see them to stop them .
Like Iran , Syria 's military is nothing to scoff at .
Virtually every credible analysis has Syria standing as the strongest military force in the Middle East after Israel .
Any US attack on Iran could be perceived by China as a direct threat to its economic health .
More significantly , China holds a large portion of the American economy in the palm of its hand .
These sums give these countries enormous leverage over the United States .
China and Japan , and the world at large , have more dollar reserves than they require .
Price increases will cause a dramatic reduction in American real incomes .
In short , China has the American economy by the throat .
Should they decide to squeeze , we will all feel it .
The rapid victory during the first Gulf War cemented this perception .
Thanks to repeated deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan , recruiting is at an all - time low .
Soldiers with vital training and know - how are refusing to re-enlist .
Across the board , the American military is stretched to the breaking point .
Therefore , any attack upon Iran 's nuclear facilities will bring Russia into the mess .
Iran also stands accused of aiding terrorism across the globe .
What manner of maniac would undertake such a dangerous course ?
Recall the multiple terror threats lobbed out by the administration whenever damaging political news appeared in the media .
Logic says no , but logic seldom plays any part in modern American politics .
A soldier 's best friend
Giving a hand up to the advantaged
George Bush And his special friend
A health - conscious president
More like the French than he would care to admit
No fool when it comes to the press
Another factor in his favor
My dad just does n't understand ?
I think just living in a house with so many girls is making him go crazy ?
No one employs people from Hartpury because of what they received on work experience .
Besides from Pacquiao , what else is The Philipines famous for ?
Being the texting capital of the world .
Would you recommend living in Limerick as a student ?
and would you recommend it as a student ?
Limerick 's a great student city , there 's loads on , you 'll be spoilt for choice .
In fact , you probably wo n't ever want to leave .
Can that be fixed ?
not by the company ... as you voided your warrenty by installing custom roms
Have you tried using clockwork recovery ?
Get the older version of Cynagon mod .
Also you could use a stable rom like bugless beast and baked snake .
Those roms focus on speed and stability .
Or you could just use a home screen launcher replacement .
I would recommend go launcher or adw launcher .
They are both excellent and speed up the phone quite a bit .
Hope you read through this .
are the moors and penines in Yorkshire a lonely eerie place ?
and how big are they ?
can anyone give me information about them ?
The people abandoned their farms and religious sites and the ground they stood on became moorland .
I have a western pleasure appy that s really heavy on her left lead at the lope ?
My appy is very heavy on her left lead at the lope .
how has ur experience with it ?
is it comparable to sony products or not ??
It is def worth more than the price .
A good camera for the plain point and shoot .
My answer is that we do n't to text speak here ... we type in English .
Get your English in order before writing here again please .
please help me .. and what should i do to fix this problem ?
Are you sure it is n't dirt on the sensor ?
Put the camera on manual focus and set focus to infinity
You will see in the image if there is dirt as that will be the only thing in focus
Cure is to get the sensor cleaned
Watch out the poles are coming ..... my little butterfly
That would be preferable but it does n't matter , could be something similar
It depends on the conditions of your skilled migrant visa .
Your visa should say whether or not you are restricted to work in a specific sector .
In Chicago , what is the best restaurant to dine at on a budget ?
Take the red line to Clark , then you turn right .
Not necessarily the restaurant but what you order when you get there and what time you go .
A lunch will be less expensive than a dinner .
You can order appetizers rather than a full meal and have just as good a dinner .
But the best way is to use coupons .
Is there any cure for mouse poison ?
Without knowing the exact poison , no .
A common one is arsenic and there really is n't a way to cure that .
I am very artistic so I decided I was going to make her a giraffe sculpture .
I do n't have much money so I bought Crayola Air - Dry Clay .
I have sculpted the giraffe laying down .
The key is ... I have a few problems :
Is there any way to strengthen it ?
taking young cat with me for a week out of state ?
My cat is a outside cat but she loves it inside .
she is also good in a carrier .
if so how quick will she adapt to a litter box inside ?
What cleaners should I use for dusting around my parakeet ?
What cleaners can I use to dust around my budgie .
Your best bet would just be a swiffer duster -- they do n't require cleaner .
Just keep a window open for a while for fresh air to circulate .
Swiffer or any type of micro-fiber cloth is excellent .
RP : Is it wrong to want to remove a contact because they are really really stupid ... ?
I do n't want them to commit suicide or something haha
Yes obviously the USB is region free which means you can use it anywhere .
There wo n't be a difference since mobile broadband is supposed to be digital .
yes of course you can ....
I have many friends that have laptops bought in the UK that use them here
How do I take care of my newborn baby fish ?
what kind of newborn fish you have ?
Ok , I know that Mcdonald 's has Monopoly going on right now .
or are they just supposed to look like they are so nothing will try to eat them
They re not really hard .
they do nt hurt unless you r stupid enough to press on them .
They just are there as an adaptation .
what is a kimberwick bit used for ?
For horses that are strong pullers .
It just gives you a little leverage and curb pressure .
It 's nice for horses that need a little more than a snaffle .
I know that 's vague , but it depends on the horse .
Do n't worry about it .
does the POP drying time slow down if it not exposed to air ?
it s for a craft project ..... i want to use it the way u would use icing ....
- it chemically sets - gets warm to hot then cools down and hard and
- it dries out , losing the water that is soaked into the set structure
Change of boarding station ?
How can I change my boarding station against the ticket I booked a month back from counter ?
My origin Station is Howrah , but I want to board at Asansol ..
Does your train pass Asansol when starting from Howrah ?
If yes , you do n't need to change it because you board later .
In Calcutta there is a Foreigner 's reservation office where they speak English very well .
I do n't remember near which station it is though .
This is where you can get AND change express train tickets .
so better inquire in railway office
Contact the Indian railways .
You might end up as a no show passenger .
Jeez , work on your spelling and punctuation .
It makes a huge difference .
Cover letters and resumes need to be perfect .
No one 's going to take you seriously if they 're full of typos and whatnot .
Sorry , I would put that application in the round file .
Canadian student visa , can I used for other schools ?
How Do you Prevent A Dwarf Hamster Escaping From The Cage ?
I love this cage , it 's easy to clean , very spacious and fun for the hamster
Aquiriums are good also , but provide a mesh top for an easy airway .
regards and have fun with your hammy
I do not get along with my family .
I dislike this urban society and want to leave this whole enviroment .
I do n't know the best way of doing it .
Would it be best for me to finish college ?
I do n't particularly want to stay with them atm either .
But right now it s the most convenient thing to do .
What is the best way of doing it ?
Hotels for travelling will be expensive .
anybody is open to answers but I would much prefere somebody with traveling experience .
Get a back pack and sleeping bag or good warm blanket .
You can always beg for spare change when you get hungry .
Should get some survival skills before setting out on your own .
I always thought Mayko or Meiko is a Japanese name .
The Canadian Regenesis actress Mayko Nguyen has Japanese connection or is it her fake name ?
Right , I could n't find any proven source for that .
Certainly , Nguyen is the one of first names of many people in Vietnam , only in Vietnam .
I 'm pretty sure that Mayko is Japanese .
She is a Canadian born Vietnamese .
I 'm not sure where her first name is from ...
Why is it stil doing this even though I do n't have the other phone connected ?
Woud it be better if I got another filter and connected the other phone as well ?
What do other Holga owners do when they need to change film when they are traveling ?
Do you just take a changing bag with you ?
Well a changing bag would be the easiest solution .
It 's light proof and makes sure you get no problems when opening the camera .
A changing bag folds neatly and does not take much space in your bag .
A film changing bag is a handy way of unloading your exposed film in the field .
Many online stores carry them , like Adorama :
For more info on lo - fi photography , check put my website :
Should the statue of David be censored ?
Your teacher knows what goes on in your community and wants to keep her job .
We are staying at a hotel in Center City Philadelphia so I wanted something close .
I have spent the afternoon looking around from menu to menu ...
Thanks in advance for the advice .
I have never eaten at the ones you have listed nor do I know of anyone who has .
I hope you get your answer .
in his cage in the bathroom ?
You also do n't want it getting too warm for him too often .
It may be a problem because the temperature is constantly changing .
I would personally put him somewhere else .
What is the most interesting place to see in South Korea ?
What place or town would be most interesting to visit for european ?
it s really amazing there , it ll blow your mind
it 's almost like paradise there
What should I feed it ?
Is normal bird food fine ?
make sure that you have a shallow dish of water for it .
as they can drink a lot .
anyways I feed them to my road sometimes .
like a little container .
or buy small bait worms .
how do i get to paris cdg airport to paris montparnasse ?
using the metro or the air france bus
can anybody tell me if the metro runs directly from CDG to montparnasse ?
if not what transfers should i get on ?
Buy a ticket for Paris .
This will get you on the RER B line going into town .
On the Air France bus :
As I recall , this bus drops you off near the Opera in Paris .
You 'll still have to take another bus or the Metro down to Montparnasse .
Buy a ticket from the driver .
On the Metro : Get in the Metro at Opera .
You could also try this in gimp .
Open your image while it 's still in color
Create a new layer and fill the later with black .
This will adjust the brightness and darkness of specific parts of an image .
Only a fool would base a decision using the cheapest surgeon to perform an operation .
Do you really want to put your faith in some clinic doctor .
Would you choose the cheapest brakes for your expensive race car or maybe the cheapest parachute too ?
Bumrungrad Hospital does some good work but all hospitals do have their problems from time to time .
They do outstanding work .
Check the link for a sampling of prices .
my Tom cat will not eat meat just the juice in the can .?
I must through it away .
I 've had a lot of cats who refused to eat the canned food .
When you read the label it s easy to understand why .
They have done very well and like the dry food better .
It had better nutritional value and it s also less expensive .
There are a lot of good quality dry cat foods .
Read the labels for contents .
Your cat will adjust quickly .
You 'll also have less spoilage .
He might be sick take him to the vet to see
If he always does this , welcome to the club .
Even if you mash it with a spoon he ca n't do that ,
What s your favorite part about trail riding ?
They would be too scared and spooky .
That is another reason why I like competitive trail riding also .
YOU have to spend the time training .
Those are just a few reasons why I love trail riding , competitive or not .
Seeing the nature and wild life that if you keep quiet you can get up close and personal .
I have had several close encounters with both foxes and wild deer .
I am aware of the maintenance involved in keeping a tank this size .
I also have a powerhead , getting another soon .
Do I need a protein skimmer or any other equipment ?
The piping would lead down into your sump from the overflow box .
From what I understand they 're pretty much the same thing .
Does the Tablet have a major difference in speed compared to the Color ?
I do n't want an iPad or Kindle .
I just want an e-reader that does a little bit more than just read .
Or just purchase the Color ?
So I say you should go for the more updated Nook Tablet .
I 'm pretty sure it 'll be worth it .
Basically Nook Tablet it has more memory , better battery life and a better processor and a microphone .
Thank you or your feed back .
Oh my , you asked this question at the perfect time .
It is all about this very subject ... bars and food .
It lists places all over the city and suburbs .
How to start a new fish tank ?
I 'm still a beginner .
Any and all suggestions on what I need to do and buy will help .
Add only silk plants as plastic ones may tear up ur betta s delicate fins .
You add the water and put water conditioner into the water .
If everything is looking good you may add you betta to its new home .
ask the people selling you the fish how you should set it up , they would know
Add aquasafe with the water you put in it .
Make sure the temperature is good .
Do not put your fish tank close to the sun or algae grow in your tank .
Everything else should be good .
Is it possible to shoot lazers out of your Wang ?
I see you re still recovering from the accident .
You appear to be feeling better though .
Know that there are pros and cons to laser sights before you mount them on your wang .
Therefore , you must learn to shoot manually .
Mount laser sights on away by removing the hand grip .
Laser grips are the most common for wangs .
Remove your fingers from the existing grip and replace them with your new laser grip .
Consider these points for mounting laser sights on semi-automatic wangs .
Newer semi-automatic wangs have a rail built into the receiver under the shaft .
Prepare to mount the laser sight onto the rail on the wang .
I thought it was dangerous for the baby so I moved him .
Budgies are breast feeding birds and it may be the male is bisexual .
It 's fine - just make sure that the room the cage is in is kept warm .
Just remember to make sure the mother is properly caring for the baby .
And do you get charged for it ?
I m sorry if I could n't say the question right .
I hope somebody understands what I mean
They will , however , cost a bunch .
Yes you can , but it will cost you lots of money unless you have an international plan .
You may want to get a temporary phone for your trip to Canada .
Is there any other way to communicate or do your friends only understand text .
Email usually free if you use a WiFi connection .
him to get to know his new home .
Firstly , your hammie was not stressed out , he wanted attention .
Secondly , that is normal behavior as they use the wheels in the night .
Thirdly , just put your hand in his cge ans leave it their .
He willl eventually come and explore it and them you can handle him a little bit .
But just give him time for now .
Is Fujairah a nice place to live in ?
My family and I are planning to shift to Fujairah in a couple of years .
please let me know if you need anything else
Are there any new Gaming console ?
Microsoft has not announced there new console yet though it is believed to be in the works .
No matter when you buy you will get a newer version .
Performance - You get the same in all , just get a good TV .
What is the typical lifespan of a cat ?
My cat had a seizure yesterday and was ill .
In your experience how long do cats do cats typically live ?
Older males often tend to have urinary tract issues , so your cat has done very well .
Did anything happen before losing his trust ?
A simple hand gesture could have resorted to him being afraid of you .
Birds eat and sleep with their flock , not predators .
dat bird is smart .
How to make a breyer horse stable ?
Please make this as simple as you can for my dad does nt really not that good .
measure size for platform , draw lines and mark sections , measure out wall sections and height ,
How can i get my kitten to stop biting when he plays ?
Do you think he 's teething ?
It 's getting out of hand .
Yeah , I thought that the holding his mouth thing sounded wrong .
No worries , i did n't try .
He 'd just randomly walk up to you and start the biting .
When i put him off of my bed , he jumps back on and same thing .
he may be teething but i do nt think it can be stopped .
maybe buy him toys that he can play with that give him a way to use his energy up
Hi , I want to get a few pet rats and need a rat cage .
You always want to go higher rather than wider for rats .
is under tank heating or side tank heating better for a corn snake ?
i use UTH's on all of my burrowing snakes .
i usually put my own natural rock over the UTH and they are perfectly fine .
on the side is a waste - leave it on the bottom .
Bottom if you are worried about the snake burning itself put something overt it like newspaper ...
put the heater on the snake he will love it and the the next day you will have dinner
What are good places to eat brunch at ? ?
You can definately plan on a great meal with reasonable prices .
Do n't be in a hurry though .
Just relax and enjoy .
They have fabulous French toast too .
There is always plenty of parking on the street or in our private lot .
Directions from the Kennedy : Take the Ogden Exit off the Kennedy .
We 're at the corner of Hubbard and Noble .
Question about the sinking of the Titanic ?
Sorry , I 'm just very nervous after watching the movie .
Today , it is the primary safety law affecting virtually all ships , regardless of country of registration .
Most ships perform this drill before even leaving the dock .
I do n't think so
When was the last time you heard about a ship sinking ?
What are some fun things I could do while in Japan ?
Besides the obvious tourist spots which I already have planned for .
Are there any good venues that showcase underground bands , or just a venue at all ?
It does n't have to be underground it could be any type of music .
The best thing you can do in Okinawa is to go to a beach .
Or you can visit temples or shrines in Okinawa .
Well first you can try speaking Japanese .
Go to a sumo tournament .
Okinawa is quite different from the rest of Japan , although of course there are similarities .
The main thing people do there is go to the beach .
There 's the market in Naha , which is great .
Try the local sake too if you can .
It 's a special kind .
I 'm not sure that there 's much nightlife in Naha .
Naha 's not a very big city .
My brother said they only had full - auto and semiautomatic during Vietnam .
As a result there was a problem with the weapon jamming .
Today 's weapons do not have that kind of problem , and are much more reliable .
Planning on going to New Zealand in January .
Is it OK to holiday in Christchurch since the Earthquakes ?
Planning on going to North and South Island .
Is it safe to go to Rotarua , since the earthquakes ?
Since lots of people are still living there , then it must be fine to visit .
What size horse do i need ?
A taller horse does n't always mean a horse you ca n't handle .
Keep that in mind .
where would you go ?
you speak the language and will have more fun .
The French tend to look down on the Americans and treat them bad .
London is a deliteful city to visit and easy to get around .
Parisians dislike Americans for their lack of speaking French and proper French manners .
You 'll need to have intermediate French to have a good time in Paris .
South France is wonderful , right on the Mediterranean .
It 's beautiful and the people are extremely friendly .
Everything about the place is magical and the people are mostly friendly .
I also highly recommend staying with a French family .
There is NO such thing as a BTA .
That is a term invented by online romance scammers
Please remember : there is NO such thing .
There is NO such requirement , in any country of the world .
cut of all contact and tighten up your PC security .
The below site from the US government verifies this - it 's the same for Canada , too .....
How can i make my Jack Dempsey reproduce ?
It does n't work .
First you need a compatible pair .
Then the need to be mature , that is , old enough , and big enough to breed .
Large tank , no annoying tankmates , perfect water conditons and really good feeding .
The difference is what they need to live , VS what 's ideal for them .
Then add the other mate .
When the male s aggressive behavior stops , it is ready to spawn .
Please help with my cat s bladder issue ?
I 'm talking soaking all the litter box and then some .
What could be the issue and can I try some home remedies first ?
Frequent urination is a sign of several things .
But your cat is passing a LOT of urine , and this is bad .
Seizures will occur when the toxins that the kidney normally filters out are released into the blood stream .
In the meantime make sure she had plenty of water available to her .
I want to apply for canada skilled immigeration program .
The pass mark could change .
The Skilled Worker category was my first attempt at permanent residency .
But I got lucky because I qualified under another category to become a permanent resident .
So keep checking at least on a weekly basis .
Read the full answer at that web page for conditions .
Sure you can apply .
The points system acts as a guide to sort out the best candidates .
Go ahead , send in your application .
Well , I mean , you do n't have to be mad about it .
What is Italian High Renaissance ?
Have a look at this , it may help .
do you get your visitor s visa immediately at the airport ?
do you have to go through a medical exam right away ?
or do i just show them passport and walk through the gates ?
There is no medical exam or blood test or others like that .
You do not need to call the embassies to get professional advice .
You should double check with the necessary embassy before you leave though .
I am not sure how well you planned this trip .
You 'll have a great time , so no worries there .
Just treat everyone else as you would want to be treated , and you 'll be fine .
That tactic never failed me .
What would you get if you cross a sussex male and a silkie female ?
All offspring from this cross will have soft feathers , as hookless feathers are a recessive gene .
Skin Color : Silkies have black skin color , which is dominate .
Sussex have White Skin which could be recessive or dominate .
Either way rec. and dom. white genes dilute the black gene .
Skin will be darker but lighter then the Silkies .
Crest : Chicks could also develop a small crest due to this being another incomplete dominate gene .
Silkie crosses are great birds , and very neat looking .
Hens make excellent mothers as they are bigger , can see better , and are smarter the Silkies .
What do you think of these photos ?
The lighting was not the best , but the pics turned out ok in my opinion .
lol , he has posted this so many times today already .
Not bad , but too many distracting elements for my taste .
I do like the shadow , though .
Using a fairly wide aperture is also helpful in blurring out unwanted background elements .
what are some unique customs in ireland ?
As far ask I ’m aware our most unique custom would be the “ Country Wake ” .
Wakes are common both north and south of the boarder with Protestants and Catholics alike .
Barn brack and the ring .
Do animals see images on a TV screen like humans do ?
Also , can animals remember images on TV like us , humans ?
Well , T.V. is a series of flickering pictures that are streamed together to make a moving picture .
Hearing is a dog ’s secondary sense , and I will discuss that in another blog entery .
How much should I be looking at for horse transportation ?
If they ask how much I 'm willing to pay , what is a good price range ?
All horses I 've had delivered to me since then are happy and healthy when they arrive .
I would call Bob Hubbard Transport and get a quote .
Do they have this anywhere ?
I want to take a cruise around the world .
I mean literally around the world if possible .
Second is there any way to sort of customize the places you wan na go to ?
Like you can pick the destinations ?
No possibility to customise ports of call .
yes there are multiple around the world cruises , mainly offered by the more upscale lines .
The whole Western Addition and a large portion of the Haight was black .
The Mission was basically latin - american .
As the southeast asians and philipinos came over , they added to the cultures .
It was not so long after Civil Rights laws against discrimination started to have an impact .
We had fewer people running across the Mexican border then .
We had fewer social benefits at that time for people so many immigrants were not counted .
There has always been a Mexican - American cultural influence since Calif was owned by Mexico .
San Francisco was always progressive and welcoming and tolerant to all kinds of people historically .
Can rabbits and chickens live together ?
My last rabbit did that a few times , and he was fine ...
So be very careful and some feeds could be toxic to rabbits and safe for chickens .
Rabbits do burrow also so do n't be surprised if chicken are falling into holes .
rabbits are delicate and can get diseases so watch out for that .
melting brass did not work ?
my friends and I are trying to melt bras to make some little figures .
I 'll just echo both other answers .
Molten brass is damn hot and usually it 's pressurized gas and forced air or oxygen .
It 's really too advanced for a beginner , both in tooling and safety .
Just the zinc fumes will get you , if you do n't take precautions .
Pewter is perfect for what you are doing , and it melts on a stove top .
Should all UK towns and their cafes or restaurants provide Halal food ?
Some friends of mine visited Dartmouth in Devon whilst on holiday last summer .
They could not find any cafes or food shops that provided Halal prepared foods .
It s important to their religion that they only consume Halal food .
Places like Dartmouth are supposed to be tourist towns and should provide foods for people of all religions .
We all enjoy buying a snack when visiting a town or attraction while on holiday .
Not everyone wants to bring packed lunch .
When I went to Bosnia , all the meat was Halal .
To prevent animal cruelty , many countries forbid Halal and Kosher meat .
It will become EU law in a couple of years .
If someone thinks there is a business opportunity then they will start opening halal only places .
How to convince my parents to let me get a Ball python ?
When I ask my mom she says she will never let a snake in her house .
Lay some knowledge on them dude .
Maybe even try to get your mom to hold it a bit .
Be persistent , but do n't pester them about it cause that 'll get you nowhere fast .
My general convince your parents to let you get a reptile advice :
On the fear angle -- talk her into coming to the pet store with you .
Once you 're there , ask if you can hold a ball python .
My Snake 's meal is TOO big , what can I do ?
Last time I got a medium rat it was a girl and my snake handled her easily .
So my true question comes to this , how can I knock the rat out ?
Looking to move to Toronto ?
Being gay and living in Toronto is just fine .
You may consider the Gay Village on Church Street , right downtown .
But , can you immigrate ?
Being an American guarantees you no favours when it come to going to Canada .
Start your process here , if you have n't already .
So do n't pack your bags , yet .
Do it properly , and legally , and you will be OK .
How to train my puppy ?
Recently I 'm having trouble training him .
I saw lots of videos about this , but actually it did n't help .
Is there any way can let him know how to walk with leash ?
He is really excited about anybody he see .
How to prevent this ?
Anyone have any suggestion ?
thank you very much .
You need to purchase what is called a shoulder point harness .
This way , he can not reach the leash to chew it .
Do this repeatedly and frequently and he will learn to walk on a leash .
Patience is the key here .
He is a young pup and will learn over time and consistency in his training .
And always , always train with love and positive methods - never hit or harshly scold .
Never train out of fear .
You want your dog to admire you as his pack leader , not fear you .
In Delhi I 'd recommend Ajay Guesthouse .
Those ones are quite small .
I have found this hotel in the Lonely Planet guide .
But in general , Delhi is the hardest place to find a nice clean hotel for that price .
I 've stayed in a more expensive hotel there , but you can check some travelguides or tripadvisor ?
Also , while travelling ask people where they 've been and if they have any hotel recommendations .
It was nice and close to the Taj .
It was quite easy to find something .
To Stay in delhi - Hotel Aster Inn is best to stay in delhi .
TO Stay in Agra - Hotel Atithi and Aditya Palace is perfect for you .
To Stay in Varanasi - Sandeep Hotel is you choice ...
Get a guinea pig .
I have a hamster , and mice and rats like to escape .
So my opinion is Guinea pigs .
Depends on what you want in a pet , to be honest .
I 've had experience with all of those pets except Degus .
My favorite would have to be the rat .
The only downside is they should be kept in pairs or trios and require a pretty large habitat .
That means expense , space , and they require weekly cage cleaning .
Again , pairs or trios and pretty big living space .
They , too , need weekly cage cleaning and can cost quite a bit .
I could handle my mice , but they where skittish and preferred their cage .
I 've never met a hamster that did n't bite me .
They are social and like to be handled .
They love leaf or romaine lettuce and tomatos , celery , cucumbers , carrots .
Also they ca n't eat potatos , they are toxic for them .
I wanted to volunteer and help animals , and decided to try fostering kittens .
My legs and hands are just full of scratches .
I realize they are young and that cats do climb , but this is just ridiculous .
Any suggestions and helpful hints to make this a more positive experience would be extremely appreciated .
That 's kind of the way it goes .. lol .
If you have limited options , try the bathroom .
Make sure there are plenty of litter boxes that are cleaned often .
They can produce a lot of waste and even scooping twice a day they can get messy .
For some reason it takes them awhile to learn not to step in poop .
Also if they have diarrhea , check in with your foster coordinator .
They made need medication or deworming or something .
They are testing out their claws and teeth .
Then take care of yourself .
Get plenty of sleep and make sure you take time out to do some things you enjoy .
Try visiting the kittens a few times a day for short periods of time .
Try to go in there with the right frame of mind and enjoy them for what they are .
If you still do n't enjoy the kittens , see what other opportunities are available .
I find the adults are much easier .
Take the kittens back to the shelter .
what r the requirements to apply for a delay birth certificate in canada ?
what r the evidentary requirements to apply for a delay birth certificate in canada ?
The birth registration was done right in hospital .
My last son , was born in Northern Ontario ....
You can probably do it all on - line .
Start here if you were born in Ontario .
If you were born elsewhere , start here .
When a child is born in Canada the birth is registered before the baby can leave the hospital .
As long as that was done you can send for it at any time .
Royal Caribbean or Carnival cruise ?
i want to know which you liked better and WHY ?
Are there any major differences between them ?
Explore which cruise may fit your needs the best .
The Liberty also visited its private island Half Moon Cay , Puerto Rico , and Grand Turk .
Shows Each night there are a variety of shows .
Usually you have the main show and some type of entertainment before and perhaps afterward .
On the Liberty we liked the comedian and juggling act .
Dining Room We enjoyed the atmosphere of both dining rooms on the Liberty and Mariner of the Seas .
We felt that the menu had a little more variety on the Mariner of the Seas .
Friendliness of staff The Liberty and Mariner of the Seas both get high grades .
If you have kids , this would be something that they would definitely enjoy .
Spa We tried the spa on the Liberty and loved it .
We did not try the spa on the Mariner of the Seas .
Usually you ca n't go wrong when getting a spa treatment ......
Royal Caribbean is better , but the best cruiseline is Regent Seven Seas .
Carnival has been called the WalMart of cruise lines ...
Where in the states could I go ?
Have you every traveled before ?
How long should I go for to each place ?
So I can start saving now hehe
Big Cities like New York , Boston , Philadelphia on the East Coast .
Southern charm of Nashville , Birmingham , New Orleans or Charlotte .
Just as numerous as the possibilities of the US .
Do you speak a foreign language ?
I could spend a year in Spain alone .
Bilboa on the north coast , Pamplona and the very famous Guernica .
Amount of time could be dependent on so many things .
Does your budget limit you to how long you can stay in each place ?
I recommend buying a single unlimited Europass and travelling anywhere in the EU your heart desires .
You ca n't beat the price for what you get .
Nigeria , a lovely country .
More than a tourist centre .
How do you make your cat adjust to a new house ?
Me and my family are moving into a new house just outside a small town .
How could we make it settle in a new house .
you are not just moving house - your cat is losing his territory .
then , he can have a place to retreat to when he feels scared .
let him out for half an hour , to explore .
then put him back in .
he will be freaked out , so going back to his territory will make him much happier .
he might even start peeing on things in fear .
Let her explore when we moved my cat had to explore the entire house before she felt comfortable .
they just do it on their own .
I will walk outside and he will stand at the door and stare at me or run away .
He wo nt even get close to the crate .
If I come towards him , he will run away .
How do I train him to feel comfortable in his crate ?
and to willingly go outside ... and to come on command .
He wo nt do anything on command .
Yes , lots of time and lots of patients ...
I just do nt know how to do it with a grown dog .
Is there any tricks I could use ?
Maybe get a book on training .
There are ways to get your new dog used to the crate or going out .
I would start with a leash .
Put the leash on the dog and just walk around the crate a few times .
Then take the leash off and do nothing else but that .
Later do it again .
Put something fun inside .
Let your dog go in when he wants to for no reason .
Do not shut the door .
Let him walk in and out for a few days .
Open the door and let him out and see how he acts .
If you push it , it will never work .
With going outside , put the leash on and just take him for a walk .
He will learn to really like this .
Potty outside will come at some point .
where can I find the best tours to the Mekong Delta at reasonable prices ?
I have been researching on line and find things are quite pricey but the tours look great .
Should I just settle and book on line ?
or is it better if I wait till I get there ?
Also , any tour recommendations would be very helpful a well .
I have taken this tour and it was great .
I did an overnight in a home stay that was sweet and the water market was wonderful .
I do n't remember the exact cost but remember thinking how inexpensive it was .
Also , Sinh Cafe has been around for a long time and is very reputable .
I am just a satisfied customer .
And do n't expect to party on this tour .
The south is not like the regular tourist towns .
Very few clubs and night activities .
There is n't much to see in the delta , it 's a lifestyle not a resort area .
From either of those cities , you can venture out and spend a day in the country .
Most of the tourists that I 've come across buy tours along the My Tho waterfront .
It 's called Kiwi Heaven and it 's across the river from Cho Ben Tre .
He 's an ex-pat from New Zealand and he 's been in town for awhile .
He 'll set up a real tour of the area for you , not some tourist fantasy .
I mentioned it to my boss and she said to start doing yoga .
I just have a few issues supporting my back and my left leg flops .
I also have back problems that transfer into my legs .
Here is what I do now and it really helps ....
Then the same thing with the other leg .
Do a nice working trot , not a slow trot .
When I first started doing it I 'd do it every day .
Now I just do it once or twice a week or as needed .
Now not only is my leg better , but my back is relaxing .
ya i really would n't bother with the yoga
What to feed my dog after gastroenteritis ?
He has been having diarheya everywhere and he began to vomit last night .
I thought it would pass until he started to vomit blood and would nt drink any water .
I took him to the Animal Hospital and they ran blood work and everything came back normal .
So my question is ..
Is it normal for dogs to throw up blood while having gastroenteritis ?
and will these antibiotics help ?
I have tryed to give him water but he wo nt take it .. what should i do ?
... Some help would be great .
I will give them and call and see what they say .
To answer your questions in order :
He could also have Parvovirus , a GI foreign body , or any number of things .
It could be due to nausea or any number of things .
From there you end up with electrolyte imbalances , which can lead to heart and kidney problems .
They have seen your pet , and are most aware of his condition .
No one online will be able to assist you more than your vet can .
You need to ask your vet these questions .
I do n't know if vomiting blood is common with this ailment .
You should call your vet now and ask them what is normal or not .
However , I 've read on the internet that the French dating etiquette is totally different .
For them , dating would normally be meeting in groups or parties , then pairing off .
They are also very secretive about being in a relationship .
They only ' go out in the open ' once they have reached a certain level of seriousness .
I have told a French girl I liked her , and she accepted .
She is friendly when we see each other on campus .
She is also nicer when we are both alone .
However , when we are at parties or when they are people around she seems to ignore me .
My mind thinks she has no interest in me and just stringing me along .
But the articles I read seemed to say the contrary .
Have I just fallen victim in a cultural trap ?
From what you say the messages given by this girl are quite clear .
Christiane gave you a good answer .
You have fallen in a cultural misunderstanding .
Should have done research before you left .
Why not just take your chances and do it your way ?
True or false : being a young New Zealander means having no future ?
There are no jobs in this country .
Is there a future for our nation 's youth ?
I really like you're answer .
it 's very logical .
I also wish I 'd applied for a scholarship .
I mean , I was n't smart enough to apply for a scholarship .
Are you saying I 'm bad in bed ?
Your answer is very sweet , but I 'm not compassionate towards teenage high school students .
In my opinion , far too many people are at university studying worthless degrees .
I also know that you do n't get paid that much more in Australia than you do here .
Try living in Sydney on a teacher 's salary , then compare it to somewhere like Central Otago .
You also have to put up with all the annoying accents in Australia .
It 's probably not a wise idea to keep studying and having a massive student loan .
At the moment there 's no interest , but that 'll probably change .
And they 'll probably add interest to what you 've already racked up .
And all that time you 're overseas you 'll be racking up interest .
I would n't like not having the option to return to NZ .
But I worked hard and I 'm still working hard .
I 'm doing fine .
Whilst youth jobs are thin on the ground , do n't assume it 's better in Oz .
That means making yourself known ; that means networking .
why does my baby king snake refuse to eat ?
i have a baby eastern king snake .
he has a great environment , with water and lots of hiding places and a heat lamp .
according to the vet , he is healthy and looks good .
he has been going to the bathroom like he should .
i handle him every few days .
i just love him to death .
i have never tried feeding him a pinky that was bigger around than he is .
he crawls on top of them but does not try to eat them .
he does n't seem to know that they are food .
i have tried dipping both live and thawed pinkies in tuna juice , and in used gerbil bedding .
he wo nt even try to bite .
i am very discouraged and sad and i do n't know what to do .
he has n't eaten in an entire month .
he 's just a tiny baby , about the width of a pencil .
do babies this small hibernate ?
When you feed him how many pinkies do you feed him ?
If you feed him too many he could just not be hungry .
If he does n't seem interested in them at all I would say he 's just not hungry .
Remember snakes can go a while without eating .
King snakes sometimes stop eating , particularly during the cooler part of the year .
They have a natural instinct to hibernate .
Hibernation is natural , and a necessity for snakes that are going to be bred .
Another thing that can cause a king snake to stop eating is shedding .
Its body will be dull looking , too .
In a few days the snake will begin to shed its skin .
You see , some snakes for no obvious reason will simply go off their food .
They 're fit and healthy and their care is suitable .
It 's twice my size and eats a rabbit once a month .
how rough is too rough ?
you did not leave the new kitten in the room long enough .
put her back in the room , and keep the door closed for a week .
she will start to calm down and feel safe - you can bet she does n't now .
she will be able to sleep without being afraid .
as well , your male will be able to see that his territory is not threatened .
the territory thing will be solved .
that will help to reassure him , and he will be less aggressive with her .
when they play fight , they do n't hiss .
if that happens , separate them , and give them time apart .
putting the girl in her territory will make her feel less afraid , and she will relax .
When they start bleeding that means they 're really fighting .
What was the goal for North Vietnam in the Tet offensive ?
He did not give them the number of troops they requested .
Thing is , it worked .
However , Johnson would not let the military cross the borders and clean out the Communist bases .
They could not defeat the Americans .
The government did NOT fall .
Tet was a huge military and political disaster for the Communists .
They screwed up by not accepting his surrender when he offered it .
But that ’s another question .
To emancipate the south , but it was a serious failure .
To make the war unpalatable to the American public .
In that , they pretty much succeeded .
There is a very good book on the subject that was written by General Vo Nguyen Giap .
Try google to find the title if you would like to read it .
I also was wondering how long should this light be on .
He 's getting used to his new home , but has n't eatin yet .
Any advice would be greatly appreciated .
UVB on the other hand can only be reproduced by a fluorescent source .
You need to also provide a source a UVB lighting .
Freeze dried food is not a good staple food source ; you need to offer live feeder insects .
Live food is also higher in nutritional value than freeze dried .
Wax worms and meal worms should only be offered as treat items , for variety 's sake .
That lady at PetSmart is a disgrace to the rest of us PetSmart associates ... sheesh .
As for the heat , just be sure to use a thermometer .
I tell all my customers they can try it , but do n't count on it .
Also try green leafy veggies , like kale and spinach .
Is a finch or a parakeet better ?
Please choose the parakeet ...
I did the same thing that you did for christmas .
I ended up getting a pair of zebra finches for christmas .
At first it was all cool and all .
After a couple of weeks I got tired of them .
They are quite messy and you can not hold or pet them .
I ve tried to tame them and they just would not get tamed .
They do nt want to be held or touched .
I want a bird that I can hold and do tricks .
I still have them and they are doing well .
They are adorable they have beautiful colors and personality .
First of all they are very tame .
They can do tricks and they are nt messy .
The whole family loves them .
They are a big part of our family .
I hope this helps you with your decision .
When choosing a parakeet look for a young one .
the stripes are like hair the less stipes the older .
The girl has either pink or brown .
If you choose to get a parakeet this is a trick that I used to tame them .
My mom told me how to tame them and I was very happy with the results .
These are the steps I used .
Honestly they have worked for me twice with my parakeets .
Hopefully they will work for you .
I took the cage and place it next to the couch .
Push you finger to their feet gently and say up .
Do not hit , yell , or harm them .
and when I say go home it means to go in the cage .
And that s my reason why you should choose a parakeet over a finch .
They are normally quiet and it is easy to take care of them .
My sister and I would like to go to Ireland .
I graduate in the spring , and so we 'd like to go between then and winter .
People do not go to Ireland on holiday for the weather , it is unpredictable .
And then there ’s the rain .
County Kerry is the worst affected .
The southeast is the driest , enjoying a more continental climate .
Some basic assumptions , however , can be made .
Spring festivities include the ever - popular St Patrick ’s Festival .
Waterproof clothing and footwear are essential plus an umbrella ..
Their seasons are the same as all the countries in the Northern Hemisphere but I would suggest fall .
It does get pretty cold in Ireland so going before winter is your best bet .
You do realise it is quite expensive to visit Ireland ?
Eating out in particular is quite expensive compared to America I believe .
I feed them Flakes , and Live Earthworms uncut everyday .
Can you tell me the whole process of breeding them and taking care of the babies ?
I aspire to your feeding regime , flakes early and something live later in the day .
I think that you understand that your largest and smallest golden wonders are males .
If you have plants in your tank .
If you wish to pick eggs make a acrylic spawning mop .
Check out the second source .
Separated and feed extremely nourishing stuff , they may produce more .
They also start the day with no nicks or dings in their fins .
The water changes help with that too .
You also may need to treat the incubation water .
If a pair is n't leaving eggs ... check the following :
Aplo. lineatus are wide - spread over southern India .
That indicates that they thrive in different water chemistries .
A number of minerals are not of much consequence .
If you get eggs in the mail in a medicine vial , that is fine .
But get the eggs out , maybe rinsed in fresh tap water and then into the incubation water .
In time the eggs can suffocate in the shipping container .
Other will add a drop of Methylene blue .
Hope there is useful grist for the mill here .
Disney cruise line with young ones ?
Should I get a balcony ?
Any tips or advice to make this a great experience ??
It is vacation time .
Many families are set to plan a best holidaying .
There can be many ideas ; one can see numerous options passing through their mind .
What is the best option ?
Disney cruises , is a simple answer to this .
This is a spectacular ship , a very popular choice of families to spend their leisure time .
The ship is designed thematically , with imposing animated cartoon characters .
Do you feel that the holidaying with the animated cartoons will impress only young ones ?
Kids fun games and video shows are added to the other facilities .
Both are made keeping in mind the comforts of the travelers .
It has got very spacious rooms , furnished completely and neatly .
The ship offers variety of eatables , deliciously made .
Sea fishes , prawns and many nice options are there in different restaurants aboard .
There are many good options of delicious food on the shores as well .
There are special regions uniquely and imposingly designed for the children .
They can spend many hours enjoying the Disney world magic .
These theme parks have all types of facilities .
Video shows , cartoon stories , wonderful games and many such facilities .
The amusing world of cartoons and stories will be a memorable experience for the children .
There are other amnesties also .
Also one can keep their privacy in the cabins and make the time in seclusion .
To relax and to rejuvenate Disney cruise are the best option .
There are many online sites offering the booking facility with affordable rates .
You can select the proper route and travel plans by consulting the agents prior to the booking ........
I would suggest a warmer season , but not Spring Break or early summer .
You may also want to avoid Thanksgiving week and the Christmas holidays .
With young ones , I would definitely get a window or view room so they can see outside .
Check out the kids ' space as soon as you get onboard .
Do NOT feel guilty about taking them there .
Bring some sort of magnet or small magnetic whiteboard for your door .
Any time would be great .
off season cruises might actually be better with preschoolers as prices might be lower in the off season .
We had an inside cabin and it is what I would recommend .
The range of activities can be illustrated by describing the water activities .
You will never be so spoiled in your life as you are on a Disney Cruise .
If you stay with your dining schedule , every night is dinner and a show .
The real payoff is that you will have the same waiter for the entire cruise .
Obviously they had a full beverage list including alcohol for adults who wanted it .
If you should miss a meal , you also missed a great show .
but food is always available and it is consistently good .
Well , I 'll try to make this short .
We were also just talking about my horse 's crappy feet and he mentioned .
I do n't know if I should call him again tomorrow or not ?
Anyway , I would appreciate ANY insight on this at all .
Which , I might add is the same foot that keeps crumbling with the nails .
And as far as scheduled visits go , I have no idea .
And they usually come out within a few days .
Sounds like He really likes you ..
But you need to ask yourself do you feel the same way ?
or is he Not your type ?
If i were you I would Go ...
sort a wonder what it would have been like ?
He had this Habit of telling you Everything ..
that was a strange way to flirt .. but i guss it was his way ...
Leaving nails out so you 'll call and have him come back out later ?
Might be something different ?
Here 's what the owner has said :
So I sent him to the trainers the first of September to be started on the barrels .
Had him to a dentist yesterday and there is no teeth problems .
He is gant looking in his flank area and is losing topline muscle .
I CAN NOT afford to treat whatever is wrong with him .
We elected to not do the EPM test because there was NO neurological signs .
He is still showing no signs other than the weight loss , and some muscle atrophy .
So I might get the horse and see what I can do .
Will be getting a copy of the blood results the owner has already ran as well .
Think I should do it ?
Horse is out of state and not local .
I will be calling my vet and chiro about him .
He 's still rideable currently and not having many issues under saddle .
I am not going to go pick up a horse I ca n't afford .
I am willing to pull the EPM test and treat .
The owner is the one who is unable .
I know that I have the possibility of treating him and still having to put him down .
At the same time I do know people who have had horses come back successfully after EPM .
I 'm willing to give it a shot .
Looked at studies , treatment options and such .
I will have the EPM test done before treating .
If that is the case then acupuncture is n't going to hurt him .
If you feel this guy is worth it then I hope your vet can figure things out .
As to EPM like Shee said being in MI we 've had to deal with it .
Pretty much every large stable has here .
We hauled the horse to Windsor and got him treated there .
That horse returned to racing and we did n't notice much difference .
We 've had a few since then , but none since our race horses began wintering in Florida .
I know they did lab work showing that Strongid C used daily could help prevent EPM .
Another thought with this being a mosquito season from hell could it be West Nile ?
West Nile can cause EPM like symptoms and does n't always include a fever .
Let us know what you decide to do .
Personally I think you should just keep on walking by .
You should have you chiro out before you decide if you want this horse or not .
So all in all , put the money up front before taking on this horse .
Could he have had a blow to the head causing this atrophy ?
Or a difficult birth ?
Was it always like this ?
I also wonder if he might have had a slight stroke ?
Who knows what the future might hold , and it might be expensive ?
Do not go to this salon , especially if you have to get your hair straightened .
Dr Greenwalt fixed my neck from a snowboard injury and was way more effective that a regular doctor .
If you need a cater that is affordable and easy to work with they are the ones .
I recently got a tattoo done at Aztec and I could not be happier .
The shop was great , the service was excellent and the employees were fun guys .
I would highly recommend this shop to anyone looking to get a quality tattoo done .
I had to take care of the ants myself .
But I found the location wonderful and found the neighbors very kind .
Never had a problem with the staff and found them very helpful when something went wrong .
Loved the pool and BBQ .
The real testament is not in how much she likes your animals but how much they like her .
I highly recommend her .
I enjoyed my tour and i am looking for adventure tour and India heritage tours for valuable .
Thanks for Bright Star Tours .
they fixed my garage doors in literally less than an hour .
i could n't be more happier with the way my garage looks .
I like my food hot both ways not warm or cold .
Price and taste is good .
I will be happy if they can serve when food is piping hot .
Down to earth and fast service .
My infant is content every day when I drop off and pick up .
Fantastic , quick and efficient service .
I have never had a problem with their hours because I always go during the mornings .
I would recommend him to anyone .
I was experiencing severe back pain to the point I could barely walk or even bare to sit .
How else can excellent be described for a business of this sort ?
Fantastic Place to buy your next vehicle
We have never had a bad experience buying from Edmark .
Had a meal in this pub and i have to say it was excellant .
Good beer good service and what more could you want .
This store is by far the worst Verizon store I 've been in .
Incredibly rude and I will not return to it .
They have unbeatable price in town and deliver on time .
I enjoy working with this architectural and graphic design firm and will recommend to anyone .
I needed wisdom teeth taken out .
Dr. Wallen and staff was excellent .
They were accomdating with my scheduled and work with my insurance to get payment for the surgery .
Dr. Wallen explained the procedure in detail and took his time with me .
Staff explained insurance procedures and was very helpful .
Everyone was very nice .
The artwork is excellent and the prices are very reasonable .
I would recommend this shop to anyone looking to get a tattoo .
The program has been a postive experience for my children .
They have a great selection of wine from all over the world with all different prices .
Such a convenient location as well with coffee shop and bradley food and beverage right around corner .
They close whenever they feel like it , often well before their listed closing time .
They do n't take coupons .
They have a credit card minimum .
This place is the opposite of QuikTrip : crappy in every way .
I 've only had good experiences at Adorn , I was greeted and offered a refreshment .
I always leave loving my hair style .
Best Chineese food in the area
The food here is fresh and hot out of the Wok .
The teachers are highly trained and are expert at handling all types of clients .
seriously , can you imagine having to live through these last few nights without heat ?
Comfort zone came out and did my house heat on the cheap .
I have a bit of experience watching the usual assembly line .
Skip te rest - this is the best
Staff is super friendly , treat you as a friend .
Can not ask for a better experience .
Will be staying here any and every time I come anywhere near .
Overall , Joe is a happy camper who has found a great spot .
No amount of sugar and milk can mask it .
I sometimes go into this store just for something to do on a sunday afternoon .
Nothing compares to a home made product that really stands the test of time . -
The Brick , Ikea , and Leon 's have their place .
But furniture like this will truly be around forever .
The internet here is terrible .
Like the previous poster said , the com lines are split between the entire building .
The outward appearance makes you think this place is nice , but everything inside is cheap cheap cheap .
Moving out as soon as our lease is up .
they save me from having to deal with Tmobile ...
Tmobile want to Send of my phone and i did n't want to go thru that ...
I would recommend them to anyone ..
Their food and sweets are awesome .
But service is very poor .
Attitude of staff very bad .
Never gives a receipt .
Sometimes even gives wrong dish .
So confused at the payment area .
Line up is so stupid .
Even if you line up .
And then wait again .
Food here is absolutely superb .
If you want great food then L'espalier is the place to go .
The Best Deals in Town
I love it for discounted beauty items and household appliances .
My daughter is starting ballet this year for the first time .
The staff was very helpful and gave me exactly what I needed for my first time ballerina .
I would recommend it hands down and am a loyal customer .
The staff will not even answer the phone for take out .
I have nothing bad to say .
Very glad that we went with them .
do NOT bring your car here
I got a coupon from Pennysaver for this station .
However , during the test , they did whatever they can to get my test failed .
You order at the counter and there is a space for tip on your credit card receipt .
If this is the best that Tucson has to offer , I am out ta here ...
Dr. Obina told me that his office closed at noon and that I should call him on Monday .
Do n't go to Amelia Gentle Dentistry .
For a hotel like this you would expect some form of free internet .
Make You Feel Like a Number
Stay away from Kids First West Chester .
And worst of all your child feels like a number not a patient .
We highly recommend Joe and his wasp removal service to individual home owners and condos .
We were in Springfield , IL for a family funeral from Kansas City .
We arrived early and the staff was very accomodating to our families and the situation we were in .
The rooms were very clean , including the microwave and refrigerator .
She continues to help me when needed even if I have a service question .
Since I 'm usually at work late Deb has stayed around to help me out when needed .
It 's the best meal for the money you will find in all of metro Atlanta .
Pedicures are also great .
Amazing Pictures at an Amazing Price
She gave me amazing pictures at an amazing price and made my wedding day so memorable .
Maybe next time they will have it .
My husband and I happened in on a whim .
We sat in the front dining area , it was very cozy and pleasant .
Our server was quite attentive and the food was fantastic .
My husband has been a professional chef , so he is a good judge of quality food .
This was a flavorful , enjoyable meal for both of us .
It 's helpful to know a quite a bit about bull fighting .
The nurses are sweet as pie and the doctor is wonderful .
This place is about healing , not making a buck .
I choose Console Pros and I 'm happy I did .
This place is bad .
it wase nt going an had a gear box problem ....
Victim of hard times and I suspect failing corporate management .
According to news accounts , the company is struggling .
I have many fond memories of my college evenings there long ago .
We are very pleased with the services of First Glass Window .
Our window panes were so dirty that they needed a specialist to come and clean them .
We called few companies before we decide to hire them .
They came on time and completed their work quickly .
We were very happy how clean looked our windows .
If you have some problems with your windows , you should call them .
They spent a lot of time with me and got me into a great pair of shoes .
This is a perfect place to get your hair done .
The service is great and during weekends it tends to get busy , but the wait is worthwhile .
No matter what state I am in when I arrive , I always leave feeling better .
Best Store In Boothbay Harbor
What a fantastic store , I love this place .
Not the same old stuff that all the other stores have .
Their items are very unique , great quality , great prices .
Dr. Aster and her team have been a strong advocate in the health of both my daughters .
She is and excellent doctor to have on one 's team .
I finally called Matt from Bonafide and he made the project both easy for us and reasonable .
I 've had writer friends describe horror stories with their printers .
I tell them : why not just go with these guys ?
Richard Joule and the gang are pros from start to finish .
They set out to exceed your expectations .
I hope they get there act together ...
You 've Got Maids did a fabulous job cleaning my home .
This place has the best baby and children s clothes .
It is all very unique and you wo nt find any other baby wearing the same stuff .
I spent quite a bit because I spoil my little princess .
After all she will only be a baby for so long I figure why not enjoy it .
I think they have the largest collection for Chandeliers Chicago .
I would recommend them for any custom lighting or Lighting Repair and Restoration Chicago
Great Food Awesome food Awesome service
I wanted to try someplace new again .
Brought my wife Deb with me and she like the Fried Crab Wontons and said they were good ..
We also had the BBQ Spare Ribs .. good also .
I ordered the MOO SHU pork and it was great ..
Not good , not great , and again another disappointment in Central Iowa .
How do these places stay in business .
This town needs some food soul and this is not it .
My girlfriend and I ate at The Grill last night , and our experience was amazing .
Everything we ordered was prepared to perfection , and was presented perfectly .
The asparagus , seared tuna , and lobster tail were the best we ever had .
Then the desserts came , and they were hands down the best dessert we ever had .
It was the best Chinese food I have ever had .
The people working their are also extremely polite and friendly .
Every time I go , Kevin , the manager , will always remember my family and I .
Tiger Heating is awesome .
I had John and Dustin working feverishly to get my exhaust motor replaced .
Absolutely a wonderful company .
After searching high and low for a salesman , I was treated like dirt , and we left .
Once you have met Nigel you will not want to work with anyone else .
Def going to come back and try this place again .
Bea was really nice and asked how the food was .
As a native southern Californian I can tell you that this is not authentic Mexican food .
However , I still like this place a lot .
It used to be fabulous , why did you guys change it ??
The sauce was dry and the enchiladas did not taste good . at all .
In fact my friend vomited after our meal .
Maybe we ordered the wrong dish but my experience here was poor .
Service was okay not great , we came for a late lunch .
I do n't recommend this place .
My skylight was making a horrible noise when the wind blew .
James Bateman came the day I called and fixed the problem quickly and efficiently .
He also inspected my entie roof to see if there was anything else that needed attention .
He called the next day to see if everything was to my satisfaction .
When the next hailstorm blows through , I will not hesitate to contact James at Team Texas Construction .
The new management is tricky and talk you into getting video rental agreement .
Small Firm with Great Service
The gift itself was exactly as described and pictured in the catalogue and of the highest standard .
Would highly recommend to anyone requiring overseas gift delivery .
This restaurant is over-rated .
The Chili Relleno .. had no batter on it .
I 'm very happy and will definitely dine in and carry out again .
Good Pizza at a good price
Absolute horrible service from the parts department .
They are very rude over the phone and in person .
How these guys can get away with being so rude with people is mind blowing .
Thank god there are plenty of Toyota dealerships to choose from in this city .
I have been here before and the service was absoulutely great .
They had a great selection of colors to choose from and their seats are super comfty .
i reccomend you to go and enjoy their wonderful hospitality .
A wonderful place , if you want more than just the physical side of yoga .
Give yourself the gift of trying this place , to see if it fits you ...
Good place to be on a Sunday Night .
Filled up on too much beer and hence can not comment on the food .
But the menu had standard stuff that one would get at a Belgian Tavern .
If you are a handcraft beer person , this is a fantastic place to be .
The manager - Tiffany - is actually very nice so I 'm a bit surprised by other comments .
Plus she plans a monthly breakfasts and other events at the clubhouse which is a nice added benefit .
They have the best prices locally and good customer service .
Overall - good stuff .
I 'm assuming they are completely out of business since I ca n't find any contact information .
Super nice people , really good food
The food is mediocre at best , and largely overpriced given the portion size and quality .
Do n't even get me started on how expensive it is to drink there .
A perfect place for a romantic dinner .
Re-interviewed and am going on interviews for a new job .
I 'm really thankful for the folks at HR Office .
Food good , service poor
Never checked back with us once we got our food .
Had to go the the bus boy s station ourselves to get napkins .
Food was good , but service means a lot to me .
Dr. Chao you are the best dentist I have ever had .
You are knowledgeable , professional , gentel and kind .
Thank you for helping to preserve my teeth .
You are meticulous in your work and it shows in my smile .
I brought my car in for a simple emissions test .
If not , go somewhere else .
even though I have never tried hoa salon but I agree with other reviewers that they are rude .
He told us to stop by the salon and then he will tell us the price .
What kind of rude service is that ?
A great place to go for dinner after a day of wine tasting .
The service was also excellent - friendly , helpful and informative without being overbearing .
Anyway , once that is fixed , this place will be amazing .
Drinks were awesome , prices reasonable , and staff friendly .
I recently threw a surprise birthday party for my wife at Fraiser 's .
I highly recommend Fraiser 's for anyone planning a special event for friends , family or business .
I came upon this store as the building caught my eye .
This store is what Colorado is all about .
I was saddened to see the reviews that claimed World Hats Mart has poor service .
It led me to believe that the reviewers simply had difficulty tolerating people with strongly - accented English .
The husband and wife who run this spot are lovely people .
DO NT ever go there , not even if your car flips .
Their service sucks to start off with , people are cruel and ignorant .
I 'm compeltly dissatisfied with their service and their products .
I prefer Advanced auto parts over this crappy place with the meanest people .
My hair is uneven and it looks rediculous .
This woman should be working in supercuts ... if that .
This was a terrible experience and I hope that no one else goes through that .
This is a shame of my adorable town , Branford .
I ordered a kid meal with a milk and found a bottle was half opened already .
I asked them to change it but they rudely said that it was okay .
Disgusting french fries is very best menu .
Do n't go , or you will learn how to waste your money .
Napa is all about wine but gives very short descriptions of the wines on their lists .
I found my initial selection satisfactory but the wine flight we chose to be poorly composed .
The facilities are more than adequate and the staff are just phenomenal .
This has to be some of the worst pizza I have ever had the misfortune of ordering .
There was minimal cheese and sauce and it completely lacked flavor .
They came to my house in no time and started working on the gate .
They were very friendly and were able to explain me exactly what was wrong with it .
Allen Tire was recommended by friend after my having bad tire experiences in Temecula .
The store manager , Jim Smith , made an excellent tire recommendation for my newly acquired Lexus .
Tires were the right price and now the car feels like it is riding on rails around turns .
The store is clean , run very professionally and a pleasure to be in .
I highly recommend this dealership if you would not like to hassle on price and receive friendly service .
Both were excellent sales men who put my needs first .
This place has done a great job of taking care of the usual maintenance on my hooptie .
She worked with us for over a year , helping us find our perfect home .
We would highly recommend Stephanie to anyone looking for a home in the Yampa Valley .
I have terrible hair and he really takes his time to make it look right .
Took a bite , it tasted odd .
I left my number , or tried to anyway .
Same clerk had considerable difficulty taking down a number .
I 'll never go back there again
For cheap Chinese food , this is the place to go .
Now , I wo n't eat fast food Chinese unless it 's from this place .
The best value I 've found from a Chinese restaurant .
Now I have to be in the area to get some lovin' : sad face :
My experience was amazing at Providence Aesthetics and Medical Spa .
Jana Kueck was nothing but professional .
Jana made me feel very comfortable .
Provided me with warm blanket and has soft music playing .
Walking in the door you are made to feel happy and relaxed .
Dave has much to offer .
We would like to thank you for the roofing job you did on our home .
We also liked the way that Ray checked on the job every day .
And when the job was done every thing was cleaned up and hauled off that same day .
We would not hesitate to use Spears Roofing again .
Their Food was better then anything I had ever tasted .
Bad service starting from the front desk .
The best person is the valet .
Short of that , avoid this place , as a silver Marriott member , this is a disgrace .
I really enjoyed the staff at Wessex , also the manager Sherri was always very nice and helpful .
I have never had better service .
My car broke down and roadside towed my vehicle to Sussman Kia .
They squeezed me in and had me back up and running in no time .
Everyone was pleasant and very helpful .
The service department even gave me a ride home and picked me up when my car was finished .
The advisor kept me up to date and informed on the progress of my vehicle .
I will definitely be bringing my car back for service .
The food continues to be very good -- deli sandwiches , homemade soups , fresh salads .
The atmosphere may not be for everyone .
The New Italian Kid on the Block
Do we need another one ?
The menu has the usual but then they step it up another notch .
Chicken saltimboca was excellent and then there 's the chocolate mousse that comes straight from heaven .
They have towed car for me a few times and I am always very satisfied with this services .
As a very satisfied new customer , I wholeheartedly recommend United Air Duct Cleaning .
They are professional , knowledgeable , and take meticulous care and pride in accomplishing their work .
Without a doubt the best place to grab a tall bloody mary and some eggs benedict .
Family owned and operated makes sure the atmosphere is relaxed and the food home - cooked with style .
I highly recommend picking up a jug of their homemade bloody mary mix - definitely the best .
They were very professional , respectful , completed the Job on time , and well below my budget .
Either I suck at my own style or Janice is a genius .
Looks like there 's a lot of talent in this place .
My Favorite place at Wildwood
We prefer the layout of rooms and it is always clean .
If ever in Sicily please take the time to visit Anna Maria Jose Mudo and her familia .
They are and always will be the nicest people in Sicily that you will meet .
You will also have the pleasure of learning the Italiano language .
Best Car Dealer in TX
The sales men were very knowledgeable about every aspect of every car we looked at .
They were very patient and helpful from showing the cars to doing the paperwork .
The paperwork was a very easy and smooth .
They tried to run my credit score as less as possible so it wo n't hurt my score .
Overall , I was very happy with the customer service and my purchase .
If you 're looking to buy a car , definitely give them a call .
They have a huge inventory .
I have been a patient a NW hospital and it was great .
As far as being treated like a drug seeker , that has not been my experience .
As a nurse I know about drug seekers .
This is a great hospital and even better since it became part of the UW system .
Excellent customer service and quality work .
So Handy for Local La Jolla Stuff - Especially for Finding Residential Numbers
I knew what it was and told the guy that it was n't a fps .
Overall they are n't very knowledge about the type of games are on the market .
First and Last time we 'll eat there
My friend and I went there for lunch today .
Neither one of us had ever been - so we thought we 'd try it .
We both kept trying to find something we liked .
Would NOT recommend this place to anyone - in fact - save your money and go somewhere else .
Major Awards – Overall Hino dealer of the year .
Overall Hino finance dealer of the year .
If you want perfectly executed simple dishes that feature a few exquisite ingredients , you 'll love Vetri .
There is even free coffee and bottles of water if you 'd like .
David is the most helpful and creative photographer that I have used .
He is willing to do whatever you need from him without hesitation .
He was patient and adapted when everything did n't go according to schedule on my wedding day .
Both the engagement and wedding pictures that he took for us we absolutely amazing .
He got the pictures back to me quickly .
I would highly recommend David to anyone .
My husband just got a bike there as a gift he 's only had it a month .
It 's a nice bike and it cost a lot of money .
But just this week a peddle broke .
Trek is not so great
Made an appointment to have them come to the house to discuss curtain options and give an estimate .
Instead of rescheduling they chose to waste my time instead .
This place is a Rip - Off
There 's no excuse for that kind of estimate .
What an amazing find - this restaurant is a GEM .
This is authentic Cuban cuisine ; fresh ingredients expertly prepared and seasoned perfectly .
I came in and saw Dr. Ruona about a month ago for quitting smoking .
I sent a customer of mine to you .
Dr. Ruona , if you read this , thank you for helping me get more healthy .
I feel lighter and feel that I have more possibilities open to me now than I did before .
I am a licensed mental health counselor and I work with variety of mental health problems .
I am a preferred provider with most insurance companies .
I would appreciate reviews from anyone who has worked with me before in the mental health setting .
If you have children or are just a real animal lover yourself you 'll love this zoo .
They sell feed and milk bottles at the front and I recommend you buy lots .
The animals were all very sweet and patient with her .
I wish there was something good to say about the business , but unfortunately , there is n't .
The invoice is not detailed , so it is difficult to see what you are paying for .
I 'd recommend to save your time and energy and find another greek store .
The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful and the owner , Mimmy , is an absolute angel .
The mark up is minimal considering that the clothing is hard to find and often shipped for Europe .
Exile is environmentally conscious and involved heavily in our community .
I would n't go there again .
From the moment you enter the restaurant , you know you are some place special .
The service is impeccable , and the food is even better .
While it 's not cheap , Alto will give you an experience you 'll never forget .
The landlord is not nice nor helpful
I 'm a single female and I feel safe coming home at night .
And the exterminator is very nice , also .
The only problem that I have experienced is the landlord .
The staff leaves a lot to be desired .
The front staff has seen quite a bit of turnover and changed from professional to rude .
A simple follow - up phone call with a woman quickly turned into a nightmare .
She may be the reason for all the change .
I sincerely wonder if the doctor has a clue about what is going on within his practice .
If he does know and approves of this behavior then it is a poor reflection on him .
He was an okay doctor but not worth her .
I saw deer frequently , in fact a small herd were grazing near the lodge .
There were occasional bears on the deck in the morning .
and most correctly , us visitors did not mingle with the native wildlife .
I asked if a manager was on duty he told me he was .
Restored my faith in Mechaincs .
I was about to give up when I met Jason and Neal .
They took on the challenge of making my Ferrari all I dreamed of and more .
I can not say enough about this place .
They have restored my faith in Mechanics .
Do yourself a favor , call these guys first and enjoy driving your car again ..
Excellent chefs are in the kitchen preparing memorable breakfasts .
The waiters are like no other ...
The food was finger licking the bowel fantastic ..
I was very pleased with my experience here .
All of the people were friendly and welcoming .
I got highlights , haircut , and a blowdry .
My hair looks amazing , and I get compliments all the time .
I deffenitly reccomend this salon and Holly to anyone .
Great , and probably the only West Indian spot worth hitting up in Nashville .
I felt like I was in heaven when I walked through the majestic fields of this particular farm .
The trees were in magnificent shape and the variety was astounding .
The service here is incredible compared to the other places .
remember to bring cash since they do n't take debit or credit .
It 's never ok to let a customer walk out unhappy , especially when they are right .
I work as a Transformational Life Coach .
I found her to be extremely solid , kind , compassionate , and intuitive as well .
They wo n't have a second chance from me .
That said , I hated this restaurant .
Personally I recommend you take your money elsewhere
Bramen Honda was a bit of a hassle .
Mr. Guerra gave me a better deal without any hassles nor any type of problems .
Brickell Honda has been the best buying experience in the world .
I dropped the truck off in the morning and it was ready that afternoon .
Kelly hit the nail on the head .
Good luck keeping business with that stuck up attitude Dr. Shady .
You have just lost mine .
I will be carefully researching vets before I take my dog someplace else .
I learned more about this doing my own research afterward .
I think he could 've done more to assuage my concerns by giving me concrete facts .
Saying that I need to give him my address or else I have intimacy issues is not helpful .
I wish that I had n't done this .
With these fusions , chiropractric is n't as successful , but it still is very helpful .
He really knows what he is talking about and will approach the different options fairly .
My hair has never felt this healthy , either .
Missed a whole day of work because i am now carless .
I used Fancy Flowers for my late husband 's funeral flowers as they had been recommended to me .
Thank you Ana I hope to see you in the future under better circumstances .
She deep conditioned my hair and took the time to style it properly .
She recommended products but absolutely did n't pressure me to buy .
I would highly recommend it and will be going back for my next haircut .
Yeah , this complex is not very good .
If you do not smoke , do not move here .
The staff get to know regulars and do their job very well .
Tourists like the other reviewer might not appreciate their efficiency or quality , but I certainly do .
Might as well just hotpot the curb and rate the traffic light .
Big , grey and imposing .
Go there on christian holidays for a bit of churchy grandure .
The pastor at this church is cool , I met him after some holiday service .
It 's historical for Sf , so when your aunte comes for a visit , take her there .
ok but just becuse we where on a tight budget .
i 'm a red sox fan so i was glad that the phillies won .
but sice we almost just slept there i ca nt give that good of a review
It was a Saturday and my spring was broken ...
The repair went quickly and the price was extremely fair .
I would highly recommend NDI - and will spread the word to my neighbors .
Thanks Dan and Johnette for your responsiveness and professional service .
I would n't send my dogs there .
She immediately went to the back , brought out leather cleaner and cleaned my purse on the spot .
We were expecting a great experience , when we recieved a friendly greeting by the hosts .
The atmosphere was nice and very clean .
The menu had plenty of options even for picky eaters .
The service was ok , our waitress kept forgetting our drinks even though we reminded her several times .
To start we tried the guacamole and salsa verde , it was completly flavorless .
We should have left then .
Everything was bland , completely void of any spice or flavor .
We have never had mexican food this bad , it was just simply gross .
Hopefully they spice things up or they wo nt be in business long .
Do n't know where else you can find Purple Hull Peas and some of the other sides .
Half the tables and bar were empty by this point .
Other Thoughts : Will try this place again .
There must be a reason so many people like it there .
Their Club sandwich looks tasty , maybe that 'll change my mind .... and a different server .
the people at Fidelity Leasing were very friendly and helpful .
they seemed more interested in helping me find the right car rather then just make a sale .
my experience with them was great - low stress , very helpful and very personal .
from start to finish they were top notch .
i would highly recommend calling these people up for your next car .
They will make every attempt to misinform and misrepresent themselves .
They make up excuses in hopes to confuse their policy holders with misinformation .
Love my home at Creekside
The management from Julie and Janice to the work staff , esp. Edwin , are just wonderful .
They have been extremely helpful whenever I have asked for help .
I have never had any problems with loud neighbors or concerns about safety .
The apartments are within walking distance to Trader Joe 's , Whole Foods , and other stores .
I interviewed several contractors for a kitchen remodel .
Very high pressured sales and with the reviews of many others bad service .
I 'm glad I trusted my gut and did n't get sucked into doing business with them .
Find someone you trust that actually hears you and wants to do the job right .
If you have been to the London Aquarium I would not even bother with this .
Cranmore Dental and Implant Clinic : I could not recommend Dr David Nelson enough .
He instantaneously put me at ease and his ongoing treatments have been absolutely pain free .
After my trees were cleaned up , they gave me a jar of salsa .
Dr. Mann killed our pet
We took our beloved kitty to him and it came back dead .
This place and its sister store Peking Garden are the worst places to order from .
Gone downhill since change in ownership
To date they have not made good by either finding the key or paying for a new one .
Go to the website for coupons and join the club - you can get free parking .
Wife and I attempted to adopt a dog and was nothing but frustrating .
I called the next morning to let then know my wife would be driving in .
Huge ammount of time wasted time and elevated blood pressure .
You do NOT learn the things you were promised .
Going back after graduating you r told you get a discount on services nope you do nt .
Going there you learn the school does not care about the services given just about the money .
This store is proof that you can fool people with good advertising .
So do n't get taken in , keep your eyes open if you choose to shop here .
I was told to take my coffee to go if I wanted to finish it .
Oh , and their liquor license was expired so no Bloody Mary or Mimosas .
Go next door to the Ball Square Cafe instead .
We could hear every single thing that happened outside like it was inside our room .
I had a problem with the tile in my bathroom coming apart .
Very nice work and friendly guys too .
I highly recommend any one considering home repair to give these guys a call .
New training Centre is excellent
The night I drove back home , I found that the rear window has some leakage .
I admit that I should have paid attention to this kind of little things while test drive .
So I brought the car back the second day .
Who knows how much they want me to pay to fix this thing .
Everyone was so helpful that I can not wait to go back .....
Wonderful service for large group
We were also served salad and soda .
I really appreciate BJ s for making that special day even better with their wonderful food and service .
I decided it was time to grow up and made an appointment .
Sierra was my stylist and i love what she did .
I have wavy hair and she cut to my hair style .
It was the first time i had left a salon with my hair curly .
The meal was extremely overpriced and lacked flavor , especially for being a special NYE menu .
The limited menu had few appetizing options and the NYE special packages were way overpriced .
This was a less than impressive experience at Trio 's .
First room had used tissues next to the bed and I requested it be rectified .
To warn you to stay away from this place just is n't enough .
Grocery and Daily Needs Store
Before using FusionRetail Before installing FusionRetail store was running on a dos based software .
We were having a major problem in maintaining cash .
Managing POS counter without barcoding was really a tough time .
FusionRetail helps us to maintain the store in an organised way .
How long does it take to train new people at work ?
On call , it takes a day to get our issues resolved .
We could not have been more welcomed , more comfortable or more well fed .
The weekend was perfect in every way , in large part to Sue and her great staff .
Everyone was so friendly and really went out of their way to make sure everything went well .
Lovely Nails on Cayuga St. in Lewiston , NY
I was very excited that a salon was opening in Lewiston , as I live in Youngstown .
I put my foot in the water and it was cool .
He also hurt my toes will pushing my cuticles back .
The other ladies had a similar experience , both had nail polish on a couple of toes .
None of us will be using their services again , which is a shame .
Good Service - Limited Results
Andrew was helpful and knowledgeable about acupuncture re : infertility .
He was willing to talk to me about my specific issues and develop a plan of action .
Friendly , clean and excellent location
The staff was very helpful , and gave us good advice on day and night time activities .
Common room was comfortable and clean , very good room to read or relax . –
It is close to bus lines for Opera Plaza , Galleries Lafayette , and the famous flea Market .
We really enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay at the Vintage Hostel again .
They certainly know what they are doing .
All of this started after their oil change .
I would not recommend this shop for anything , not even something as simple as an oil change .
Plus they will overcharge you for just about everything , and smile while doing it .
Took my Cruze in twice for poor fuel economy .
The first time they claimed to get reasonable mpg .
However , they would never drive the car with me in it to prove their findings .
I found out they did not even drive the car , stated they looked at it before .
They still would not drive the car with me to show their mpg number .
I will never purchace another vehicle from Vic Canever .
I want to say that Mike did a great job for our family in our time of need .
Both my grandparents looked as natural as could be expected .
Thank you Mike for all your help professionally and personally .
If you like the drama described in popular sitcom ' Seinfeld ' , you will see it here .
This sign in policy is posted by the restaurant “ no reservation , sign your name here ” .
I had to ask the greeter , he explained his reasons with broken English .
I could not understand any his reasons .
I could only take it as they would seat the people they know first .
Well , not much I can say except I 'm very disappointed with this experience .
This was our first visit to your studio .
and sometimes karma can manifest itself on a bad review on Google .
I beg to differ .
This place is marginal at best .
Not very welcoming and focused mostly on keeping little kids entertained .
I was not impressed , and quite frustrated at their lack of rating for their courses .
Again , a great outing for the kids , a frustration for an out of town climber .
They were thorough , high class , and went above and beyond .
We never had to worry about a thing , and they led the way the whole time .
So we did n't expect them to even know some of the requests that we asked that night .
It took all the courage I could muster to make an appointment .
At the front door of his office , I nearly turned around .
Doctor Gonzales and his entire staff are the most professional people I have ever dealt with .
The ability to smile and eat again can only be described as a whole new lease on life .
Does it seriously take that long for a soup and salad ?
I would NOT recommend having a party here or even going here .
I have no doubt that the rescue is wonderful .
I had a routine surgery for an ingrown toenail .
Blue cross has no record of aa reversal .
They eventually turned it over to a collection agency and now will not even discuss the matter .
It was an ingrown toenail .
How much could it possibly cost ?
We were looking for a company with decent rates as our company was just getting started .
I also appreciate their honesty .
I sent a graphic that would have been distorted if printed as it was .
They called and worked with me to fix it so that it would look perfect .
They recently surprised me a larger order .
Well I think a blown engine falls under the catagory of mechanics right ?
Anyway they jimmy rigged it so i could drive it home .
I called and got the same runaround on hold and noone calls you back .
Best Stationery store in Bethesda
I popped in after my afternoon pumpkin spice latte break at Starbucks .
It 's an adorable little store filled with lots of stationery goodness .
I ended up buying a birthday card and would probably come back for more .
Watch out for your wallet
This company is overpriced for their services .
Be warned - they 'll ltake you for everything they can .
It is the best university in Virginia and continuously receives rave reviews every year .
To add insult to injury , he refused to refund our money .
I enjoyed my time at Franklin High School .
Now , of course , there 's a new building , with presumably better facilities .
Many students went to Rutgers , including their top - ranked pharmacy program .
My favorite cuban cafe in Orlando
I have been eating Cuban for a long time , sandwiches mainly along with other dishes ..
The place is chill and comfortable .
They do n't speak the best English but enough to get by .
I can not describe how delicious the mango and cheese pastries and the omelets are to die for .
Stop in and have a bite you wo n't regret it .
Scallops were overcooked and the foie gras was cold but the rest of the food was lovely .
On top of that though they tried to charge us service charge just to rub it it ....
Would n't go back as there are a lot of places A LOT better and cheaper .
Hot Iron has become a favorite of our family .
The staff are very friendly and conscientious .
Great Cookies , Cakes , and Customer Service
Food Craving Gone and Weight Loss at Acupuncture Doctor
I am a college student .
It hurt very little , felt more like pressure than pain .
What I like most about Dr. Liau is that she is very caring .
She talks to you at each appointment .
I can tell she really cares and wants to help .
Now I feel more confident wearing my bathing suit in the summer .
Bowtie has filled that role nicely .
The owners of Bowtie manged to add something new while preserving what was already there .
Just previews and the main feature .
Expect to pay full price , and the theatres themselves are on the small side .
But if you like going to the movies , you should love Bowtie .
A great cinema in a great location .
My first visit was so fun yesterday .
I could have stayed all day and not seen all the things .
This store is a real gem and has much to offer the serious crafter or the occasional crafter .
I asked her who she worked with and she just told me ti was the sales manager .
Jeff and Craig are really good at what they do and know exactly how to treat a customer .
No problem , sounded like it 's done every day .
One suspects that earlier reviewer works for another laundry .
The cost was certainly reasonable and I will continue my patronage of The Laundry Tub in the future .
They worked around the clock to ensure that my puppy life was saved .
lol They where super friendly towards us and treated us like people not walking bags of cash .
I will never go to another vet as long as I have animals .
Okay , here 's the scoop .
The food is excellent , the serivce is horrible .
Like the girl with the fuse problem ...
The other rolls were n't at all special , especially given their pricing .
The bottom line is that the food is n't great and is relatively high - priced .
But I 'd go elsewhere unless the prices are cut .
Do n't Expect Sleep or Courtesy
These are not household type alarms .
I called the front desk and got no answer .
This hotel is adequate enough , but there is an obvious problem with the staff and management .
Do not go there if you expect to sleep through the night .
Poor Service , Lack of Passion : Do NOT go
That was not in agreement eather , but they realy demand it .
Guess what , was not in the initial agreement as well .
So I still can recomend them but prepare pay twice as much as they tell you initially .
Then , the more power they gave to Linda , the worse the place got .
I figure I would give this company a chance .
We met a couple of weeks later , Ted was late .
He brought fabric books , and pictures of furniture only , which all came way over budget .
Just curtains and a couple of accessories .
This company is way too expensive with nothing to show for it .
This is just a way for them to squirm their way into your precious pocket
I asked if this hotel had smoking rooms .
Sure enough he charged it to the credit card .
I also mentioned to the reception person .
Imagine a hotel having problems with people .
He said he 's had a long and bad day .
We had no choice but to stay but will take this as far as we can .
Do n't stay there .
My friend called the hotel to cancel our room as soon as I called her .
I called them back a few hours after putting my Bodhi down and they still would n't budge .
Times are hard , I know , but they had no compassion .
Ok I am a New Yorker who has been going to school in Oxford , England .
I thought the UK was completely devoid of good NYC style pizza .
I thought I would have to wait until I went home to NYC .
Well then I went on a trip to Glasgow and was walking around .
They have crushed red pepper flakes and oregano .
So I ordered a slice .
It tasted like I just flew back home .
I congratulated this establishment for doing the research on making NYC pizza because these Scots fcking nailed it .
That being said , I do n't know how their delivery service is .
Good food , good wait staff , poor management
The food was good , and so was our waitress .
I then asked if I could have money back in cash .
Her answer was short and manner rather rude .
Sorry for interrupting I guess .
The cashier was also short , unapologetic and made me feel as I was wasting her time .
I will not be visiting Mama Mia 's again .
There are other places with food just as good with management that values customers and employees much more .
it s like a pizza roll , but they just toss ham and cheese inside .
their pizza was a little salty for me , but it s still good .
anyways , the mezza luna : you should try it .
Perhaps they do n't deliver anymore , but the deliciousness of a mezza luna certainly warrants a pickup .
Michael Chestney was very pleasant and patient with my wife and she suggested I go check it out .
I went in later that afternoon and met with Michael .
He showed me the car I was interested in and we took a test drive .
Friendly , knowledgeable , and above all fair .
Myself and my fiance 's identity was stolen from the office staff .
We were told by a detective and asked to check our credit for anything unusual .
She stole the information and gave it to another guy that did all the work .
They both went to jail and a new manager was put in charge of the apartments .
The apartment across from mine belonged to a gang of hookers .
A girl would show up , then a guy in a nice car would show up .
Short time later the guy would leave , then the girl leave .
My apartment was usually quiet .
Parking spaces are just big enough for a Mini Cooper .
It sucked having an SUV .
Bugs were a small problem , nothing too bad .
The best there is in service .
Thanks Bud for all of your help and taking time away from your family that evening .
Service and Client base not ok .
I was told management would call me back but still waiting for that call .
Cheese was falling off , so oily and greasy .
Well , this may be an exception .
Wish this was in Saratoga --
Our friend is a world traveler and loves unpretentious dining experiences and inspired food .
This chef knows what he is doing .
Can not wait to go gain .
I think that the re pretty good .
Usually you can be seen the same week or maybe the following week .
In general I would say that the staff is attentive and nice .
But then again I was nice to them so that could have been why .
They do n't do certain things that are really annoying about other offices .
I recently traveled to Canada on business and had a most excellent experience .
Yes the parking can be a challenge but being from NJ I am no stranger to tight corners .
Favorite place in Tampa .
Update : I had to add to my review .
I was just in last night and had a chance to dine in their new dining room .
I frequent this resturant on a weekly basis but usally only for lunch .
I had the Chicken Parmesan Dinner and my wife had the Shrimp Scampi Dinner .
I have to say the value of this place always amazes me .
I had tried out few place around the area and had been ripped off a few times .
The service was excellent and personable .
We made the decision for a couple of reasons .
The intruders slit the screen of the window .
Friendly staff , but definitely some problems
We were booked at the Sheraton with a number of other out - of - town wedding guests .
Next day got moved into another room , on the same floor with other wedding guests .
A package and some wedding cards were left in our first room .
Be Careful Of Who Your Sales Guy Is
I think this place is probably really great especially judging by the reviews on here .
My experience was awful though .
After that , I just tried to ignore his lack of professionalism and test drive the car .
This is by far the worst chinese food I have ever had .
Not to mention that the wait staff was about as pleasant as dealing with an angry bull .
The only thing that was edible was the steamed rice and the vegetable lo mein was barely tolerable .
We took our vehicle in for a repair to the air conditioning .
And what did we expect ... that he bench test every part .
I , nor anyone else in my family , will ever go to Sun Devil Auto again .
I asked if they could copy the piece I dropped off .
I took the receipt and the metal that did not fit and asked Pomper for my money back .
I explained I did not get what I paid for .
I said I was going to trash it also and could I at least have a credit .
Actually working out there was good - the machines are nice and the classes are fun .
The locker room is certainly lacking - I would never shower or change there .
I will never recommend this gym to any woman .
The Salon Experience from Hell
I feel obligated to share this story .
Right out of college I called the salon and explained my situation .
Just graduated , just moved , not rich , and starting new job soon .
I cried the entire way home .
I will never go back .
It was the salon experience from absolutely Hell .
That 's my favorite show of all time .
I 'm pretty sure for the cast that it was the other way around .
Maybe he did n't do a good job and they told him so .
That said - he seemed to be doing well enough .
I was n't going to use them again , but I was going to leave it at that .
I bought about half of the furniture I own from this place .
Because they cut me good deals if I paid in cash .
The other person working at the store did n't know that I still had this table coming .
I 've had to pester this new guy several times to ask when my table will arrive .
If I could give them a lower rating than poor I would .
How do you lose a drawer .
The customer service at Home Delivery Service was terrible let alone their promise to proper set up furniture .
So I am in limbo regarding a bedroom suite .
Maybe then they will begin to understand poor customer service and terrible sit up service .
Unfortunately , a family emergency required me to conquer this fear .
I thought of canceling the lesson once again because I did n't feel comfortable driving an SUV .
Trust me and most especially trust and believe in yourself .
Gerry , I ca n't thank you enough for helping me cope with my fear .
Review on House of Joy Chinese Restaurant
We stopped in and got some take out and can not stop going back .
They have the best Egg Drop Soup I have ever tasted .
We also love their Egg Rolls and Spring Rolls .
And every entree we have ordered is perfect .
Their prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive .
The staff is also just so pleasant to deal with .
They are also quick at getting your order out to you .
We are from Virginia and just moved here a year ago .
So that comment is completely false .
and we do n't know them except for eating there .
A Health Care Proxy is not written in stone and can be changed .
He also never even said he was sorry .
Just said i was inoperable and walked out of the hospital room .
What you can learn from the below ' bad experience ' .
I would suggest not avoiding Second Home based on the ' bad experience ' review .
But not at a risk to other people 's pets .
They say no , Warwick in New Jersey , Call New Jersey .
Call dominos in your town .
I am just south of Walnut .
Hmmm , she says , Then why are you calling here , we do n't go past broad ?
We called our representative who assured me he would call the office and have it taken care of .
Lots of rules , phantom innkeeper , last minute price was worth it .
In other words , they do not help with suitcases , but they promise totes to help .
They count the cans in the trash to make sure .
If you go later , it 's all cleaned up .
I never saw anyone there .
I put the coffee thing in hot water and settled for a cup of weak coffee .
Bath was clean except shower stall which had mildew problems .
Now , the best of that unique food comes at the very beginning of the meal .
That being said , the laffa and hummus are out of this world .
I guess that tells you a lot .
Oh , yes , the chocolate semifreddo was quite good .
And my -- no , I still do n't remember what I had .
At my appointment the girl helping me was unable to adequately lace up some of the dresses .
Do other brides fall for this ???
My point : Even if I was wrong , do n't sit there and argue with the customer .
Seriously : do not waste your time .
I brought my car in on a Sunday to replace a shredded tire .
Once again , I waited for quite a bit before being attended to .
So I got just my other rear tire replaced .
They promised it 'd be done within an hour , so I waited in the lobby .
The next day , no one could find my wheel lock and that particular technician was not in .
Google is a nice search engine .
Does anybody use it for anything else ?
I 'm staying away from the stock .
Click here To view it .
Compare the flags to the Fallujah one .
You have to see these slides .... they are amazing .
I 'm not fond of the Google - hates - privacy argument
However , this toolbar is really bad news .
On the other hand , it looks pretty cool .
The United States does n't believe the Iranian Government .
One can suspect the Iranian Government .
They are certainly being nasty to the United Nations Security Council in connection with the anti-proliferation treaty .
Many people want to use diplomacy with Iran rather than military pressure .
But will diplomacy work ?
And can anyone use military pressure without proof ?
It does seem that Iranians frequently make statements and then hide behind lack of proof .
The clerics demanded talks with local US commanders .
The actual vote is a little confusing .
I 'll post highlights from the opinion and dissents when I 'm finished .
Which essentially sounds like he 's worried that Bill or Melinda are going to die soon .
I 'm not sure how the market will react .
He mentions his wife 's death having an effect on him .
This is a terrorist organization plain and simple .
This is just another reason to never trust the MSM , and certainly not the Europeans .
It is now threatening to pull out of the Allawi caretaker government .
President Bush pinched a few nerves yesterday with his choice of words :
Which is why he did n't say we 're at war with Islamic people .
This pledge is a new development .
They also had a special connection to some extremists in Jordan and Germany .
These have been sighted among Iraqi crowds on Haifa Street in Baghdad and in Samarra .
This statement is , despite its facade of fair - mindedness , so many weasel words .
We now know that Bush and his administration came into office obsessed with Iraq .
Bush did not have his eye on the ball .
They were playing Captain Ahab to Saddam 's great white whale .
I presume you need the Pakistan base for rescue operations in case anything went wrong .
You also need Pakistani air space .
The plan was all set and could have succeeded .
Of course , you could just go in by main force .
But for those of you tempted in that direction , please look up Carter 's Tabas operation .
It should be easily googled .
Clinton tried , and tried hard .
want to go to dinner with me before you have your ' matt time ' ?
you know , whatever .
i will let you know later .
i can think of a few things
they are great dogs .
i was thinking somewhere that requires a jacket , like tony 's .
yeah , i was thinking somewhere like mcdonald 's .
that may be too nice though .
we can go somewhere nice .
i must have had you messed up with some other girl i made the bet with .
really , i have no idea what you 're talking about .
you must be thinking of someone else .
i know you remember the bet .
i got her number though .
i want to hook up with that girl paige in the brown leather jacket .
i had a blast that night .
i flew here last night .
i am sure they are .
economy should be good here .
hopefully she does n't hose you .
I 'll probably start looking next weekend .
I heard that more may be going up for sale in the next month or do .
she is waiting to see if she can get financing .
Hello from South America .
I just got your email and I certainly concur with Jeff making the call .
This was a risk that we had but we did have assurances from Phillips regarding performance .
I do n't know how much it will help however .
I am amazed how the details get fuzzy on an old project .
I do n't know if there is anything I can do but I 'm always willing to help .
These guys tried the Ken Lay route .
Now they are part of your working group .
I know you must be going nuts with all the events , so I have not called .
Hope you will be sorted .
Call me if you have time .
Please let us know if you need any additional information .
not sure , but i assume that the bluegrass songbook is mine .
is it for guitar ?
I 'll need to ponder .
I 'll try to get back to you pronto .
We have this report ?
Thought that you might be interested .
Have you seen the materials from the press conference that he launched today ?
I 'm not driving tonite , but I bet that we could hitch a ride back with Anil .
I 'm not sure , but I think that he 's got class tonite , too .
daily dose on enron -
not to mention the market is going to be flooded with enron folks .
ca n't go to any more lsu games unless i get a free ticket .
i have stronger will than you think .
house of pies here i come .
i am sure i could have persuaded you to give me some action .
i was just going to sleep anyway .
i was too tired to give you any action .
Further to my voicemail , our colleagues in credit are calculating the reserve on the PSE swap .
Ideally , we would like a fast turnaround .
Grateful for any help or suggestions you could provide .
I met you at the Risk conference last week in Houston .
No need to thank me , just send me gifts .
Hall has agreed to release Enron , Ecogas , Maffett and every affiliate , related party and subsidiary .
He will also release any and all patent issues .
I have asked Doug Daniels to prepare the settlement papers reflecting such an agreement .
Please verify receipt at your earliest convenience .
Thank you for your help in tracking these invoices .
If the PX comes back again , I will call their in - house attys .
Can you pass this along to Elizabeth to ensure Sanders is on board as well ?
I agree with Steve 's position stated in his separate e'mail .
Do n't give these guys a penny .
Tracy , Do we have concerns here .
We pointed out to the PX that there was excess credit .
By using collateral to pay these bills are we not keeping required levels available ?
Attached below is Davis Thames ' presentation regarding the proposed Project Bruin .
I will forward the draft Bear Stearns term sheet separately .
Team , sorry for the delay on getting this around .
Please advise when you can meet to discuss issues related to your area .
Please return an executed copy of confirm to me .
I 'll be back on Monday .
Caveat : subject to credit review even though there are blanks .
First Union Securities , Inc .
I think it will help me very much in my role .
I need a new lawnmower , so I 'll try to bump it up a little more .
Hope you 're doing good .
These have been sold .
If you want to pass this web site address along to other folks , feel free .
If you want a CD copy of this web site , give me a yell .
Please give me a call to discuss Nov transaction .
Are you free for lunch some day this week ?
Would love for you to join us .
Stacey here is the Master draft we discussed .
I am sending you a version with comments .
I 'm free any day but Tuesday .
I better pass on the Comets game .
My weekends seem to be taken up with condo matters , house hunting .
Are you free for lunch today .
I want to go to the cafeteria for vegetables .
Let me know if you are interested .
it is to late for me to add changes .
We will have to correct them after the churn .
Thank you for you patience .
And that 's the way the greatest bear market since the Depression worked its way down .
great , we look forward to seeing you .
I talked with Gary Wilson , and he confirmed that the revised values are correct .
Call me if there are any questions .
i tried to say i was n't that drunk but z was n't having any of that conversation .
then i told her i felt i should be able to screw missy just once .
In such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email .
I 'm hearing some pretty depressing stuff from the people I know at ENE .
I wish I had the capital to open my own shop ?
there will be talent and opportunity a plenty on the market soon .
I 'll ask around ?
As we discussed , here is a first effort at a revised TVA offer letter .
Please update the attached Legal Risk Report .
Send the revised report by e-mail .
With Elizabeth 's comments added to summary ...
so sorry to have to cancel
do n't they know we have better things to do
here is to getting back on track after thanksgiving
We will forward the draft of that guaranty to you later today .
Please feel free to give me a call if you have any questions concerning the attached guaranties .
I enjoyed working with you and wish you the best of everything .
As we discussed , here is a copy of the draft memo .
I faxed comments to you on dash .
Do you have any current info on deal status ?
Are you going to be able to make the power VAR meeting on Thursday ?
I shall you tomorrow to discuss the details .
I just wanted to check with you regarding the consulting arrangement we discussed a couple of weeks ago .
Did you have a chance to take a look at the resume I sent you ?
He looked like a great guy for your group .
We discussed a few days ago a consulting arrangement with Prof. Sheridan Titman from UT .
Any feedback from Rick Buy ?
Please , let me know .
In any event , my presentation should give you a starting point .
Please , make sure that we are billed .
I shall send you a copy today .
In case you are interested , I attach this paper on gas Storage value modeling .
I have spoken with Mark Lay and he is interested .
Please , call him directly and give my name as a reference .
I have called Mark Lay and left a message on his voice mail .
I hope that this would mean that you would remain involved at some level .
Please confidentially share matters as you think best and advise me of the interest generated .
I am ready to meet there at your building or elsewhere that is appropriate .
Please , ask Stinson as well .
Would this be fine ?
We are still trying to figure out some of the cash traders .
Once we get the word from Lavo we 'll let you know .
Are there any new developments in the trader world ?
I am going to have to miss your wedding .
Unfortunately , I will be in Plano that weekend .
I wish I could make it .
What 's going on with the UBS weather position ?
Has that gone anywhere or are the other possibilities you had better ?
Talk to you soon ,
Could you run those additional post - id's ?
The positions needed to be divided to reflect BCF 's .
could you also CC me the first few times you send it ?
Attached are all live financial deals by risk type .
After tomorrow , I will no longer have access to the estate files .
We will still be around to assist them if needed .
Let me know if that does n't seem possible .
what 's your opinion ?
pairing up of harry and ginny is cool
PS - we also have more cats coming in for re-homing see our ' Homes Wanted ' page
This is a beautiful site and a wonderful idea .
And a portion of each package or memorial purchased goes to a charity on their database .
Inhibitory Systems Control the Pattern of Activity in the Cortex
The talk of the day besides a more level playing field with China was North Korea .
U.S. President George W. Bush shakes hands with Chinese President Hu Jintao in a bilateral meeting in Santiago .
I started this page to help with my boredom .
I have Chronic Lyme disease , so I 'm stuck at home .
I enjoyed the animations and wanted to share them with my friends .
So I started a small mailing list and added their addresses to it .
Along with an area on the page for those to join the mailing list .
My wife and I would love for you to come and visit our page
has life like animal wholesale figurines made from rabbit and goat fur , feathers and sheep s wool .
People love to buy these cute cuddly little animals for gifts and collectables .
They are very well made and realistic .
We are looking to expand our Wholesale Clients across the Nation .
No minimum order amount .
All are mathematical , all are linguistic .
It looks like the war between Microsoft and Google is quickly brewing on the horizon .
Action Network is a BBC website for people who are taking action on issues that concern them .
I 'm getting in touch because I think it could be useful to people campaigning about hospital closures .
Winston Peters is visiting a school .
A girl raises her hand .
The room is silent , none of the other children volunteer .
Finally , a boy in the back raises his hand .
This group does sound pretty interesting though .
We could certainly slow the aging process down if it had to work its way through Congress .
I had a rose named after me and I was very flattered .
Santa Claus has the right idea .
Visit people only once a year .
I was married by a judge .
I should have asked for a jury .
My wife has a slight impediment in her speech .
I have never hated a man enough to give his diamonds back .
Money ca n't buy you happiness ... but it does bring you a more pleasant form of misery .
Youth would be an ideal state if it came a little later in life .
I do n't feel anything until noon .
Then it 's time for my nap .
Do n't worry about avoiding temptation ... as you grow older , it will avoid you .
What language is talked in Iguazu ?
Does anyone know any good restaurants in cordoba ?
Does anyone know of any good food in iguazu ?
What are some Major land forms in Ireland ?
kolkatta is an Indian State .
Which do you prefer Crab or Shrimp ?
I like shrimp , fried , grilled , or steamed .
how much does it cost to join world resorts international ?
could not find any info online
email them at address below
How much does it cost to buy a Big Mac meal in your area ?
Where to buy bodybuilding supplements in Delhi ?
Any particular shop that you know of AND their number .
Do you think there are any koreans in Miramar ?
Can you use the ' find my phone ' feature to track someone else 's phone ?
Besides eating good foods , what else do people do in Miramar ?
The Hank Green I know is hardly awesome .
He needs a shower , and he picks his nose all the time .
He is at his best when he is doing his Nerd impression ...
There may or may not be snow , depending on local weather conditions .
In the ski resort areas , there will likely be man - made snow on the slopes .
jay is it necessary to varnish my oil paintings or just leave them be ?
how do you mold silicone or rubber into a mermaid tail ?
Depending on scale , just buy a fish and make a mold from that
They sell these kits in most hobby and craft stores .
Do you prefer ham , bacon or sausages with your breakfast ?
thick cut bacon or really good sausages
Can police trace a cell phone even if it is switched off ?
Yes , they all have secret locator chips , just like gps
Dinner and dancing in Chicago ?
It 's okay if it 's a little pricier .
You should really ask this in the art section .
They re probably just drawn for the show anyways .
Name something you find at a carnival that comes on a stick ?
What country are we talking about ?
I like my Monkey Brain on a stick for sure .
How come no one bothers to ask any questions in this section ?
Because obviously most people have never even heard of this section .
Someone had to be first .
I have never been there .
What do you think of Air France ?
Their service is top - notch and I especially love the free French champagne served even in Economy .
I also find their food way better than many other airlines .
Plus you land in a preferential terminal ...
I go out of my way to use Air France .
What 's the difference between Indian and African ringnecks and alexandrine parrots ? ?
So does anyone know what the difference is ?
if i preorder a game at gamestop can someone else pick it up for me ?
Has anyone ever worked for steiner leisure cruises ?
I 'm considering taking a job with Steiner and noticed I have to pay for all my travel .
Was wondering if anyone knew a rough estimate of how much it costs with travel and training
I have n't personally but I know a couple of people who have .
Wendi has worked for them have a look at her blog .
Best POS system in Philadelphia ?
What is the best pos system I can buy in philadelphia pa ?
I need something reliable and good looking .
Do yourself a favor and give them a call .
I like music very loud and with a lot of bass .
will i have to pay customs in NZ .
why will hav to pay customs if it is a gift ... ??
i always thought there s no custom charges for gifts .
Yes , you must pay customs duties .
It 's just up the highway and right around the corner ....
Chicago 's a big area .
NZers : Have you decided who you 're going to vote for ?
And has this changed from previous years ?
Bay of Plenty - Are you even old enough to vote ?
John Key , and no
John Key is too busy looking after his rich mates , while the rest of us pay .
Yes , I have usually voted National .
I do see myself as a conservative
Arriving in Auckland on a direct flight from Canada .?
Will we be allowed to take duty free bottles onto our connecting flight to Christchurch ?
In our hand luggage or do we have to put it into our checked luggage ?
I do n't think it matters
Any information would help .
You should be able to no problem .
Universities will take you whatever age you are .
What would you call the device that hold up your photography backdrop ?
and where can I find them ?
buy them in any good photography supplies shop .
odd considering this is a search on the net :
I prefer Royal Caribbean out of all these .
There is so much to do onboard .
The new NCL Epic does sound amazing , although I have n't sailed on her yet .
NCL is a notch below either , in terms of quality and service .
what is a good slogan for an Argentinian restaurant ?
A taste of Argentina .
Here are some articles that discuss the details of slogan writing .
Why certain slogans work and why some do n't .
You will find these helpful in writing a new slogan .
Also how much do compact system cameras drop on boxing day ?
I need creative art ideas ?
can anyone tell me exactly what it is and what took place ?
Or maybe something humid or heat ?
I assume you are talking about a pacman frog .
No , technically they do not need a UVB light ; they are nocturnal .
looking for a surprise spot to take my bf .
a bar would be nice but also something extremely unique .
Why not put together a bottle of champagne , a picnic and have a date on Treasure Island .
Cheap , great view , time together .
There are plenty of cheap restaurants .
Take her to the vet .
obviously take her to the vet
Have no idea what kind of restaurant this is or where it is .
Or more if you have drinks .
I need suggestions for San Francisco restaurants with good food and good catering service .?
I need suggestions on restaurants in San Francisco with good food and good catering service .
Here is a great list of different restaurants in San Francisco
well since i do nt know your budget , i recommend Hakka Restaurant for chinese food
prime ribs have very good food but it s super expensive
how many ounces in a pint in ireland ?
An Irish pint is larger than a US one .
need help finding irish music ?
i love The Script and know the re from iraland .
You 'd find similar bands to them that are from the UK and US .
I would prefer a simple , fitted black one .
Look on the debenhams website
they do some good waterproof raincoats
I have a Nacho Libre question .?
Do you get what 's wrong with this picture ?
Nacho Libre is suppose to be inspired in Mexicans , not in Argentineans .
is there any good places to get an ice - cream sundae from in Invercargill New Zealand ?
best burger chain in the Chicago area ?
Onion Rings are great and the fries are endless .
The latest spot for a real Hackney 's is Printers ' Row :
Along with the great burger try a brick of onion rings if you are with someone .
What should I do ?
I 've tried bland white rice but he wo nt eat anything .
What could it be ?
Call a vet would be a good idea with a sick dog
or has acquired some type of disease and that too needs to be attended to ...
Name of specific Hibachi restaurant in Chicago ?
I think it was in the Lincoln Square area but do n't quote me on that .
It was pretty epic as I remember and would love to send my friend there .
That is Flat Top Grill
What 's the best time to start a trip around the world ?
If you can afford to go before , then by all means , GO .
If you have to wait , due to financial reasons , then wait .
the camera only begins to work again when i take out the battery and put it back in .
did anyone have this issue ?
is it worthy to send in for warranty repair ?
Your camera is n't acting normally , you got warranty , let Canon deal with it .
I also agree it 's under warranty so get in touch with Canon .
Cheapest airline ticket from Raleigh to Philippines ?
Which airlines should I look into and when should I buy my ticket ?
The sooner the better but I 'd probably wait until after the holidays .
Use Travelocity or Expedia and see what you come up with .
Compare compare compare - that 's the key to getting the best deal .
What is the best place to get discounts for San Francisco restaurants ?
I do n't want to have to deal with those deal - a - day websites like Groupon .
They basically buy daily deals from Groupon , Living Social , and all sorts of other places .
So you can pretty much get whatever deal you want anytime .
Looking for something on the casual side and we want it to be fun .
Bike ride in the park , followed by coffee .
You are busy , you do n't have to sit face to face to try
to make convo , it 's short , so if things go great , you can
Possibly a freshwater tank with a ton of different species in there .
I know saltwater is a possibility , can you give me a possible stocking option for that too ?
never response the phone call
Great gym and great services .
Good clean store nice car wash
Fast and great service on pool covers
It taste better than In and Out ....
Rest was too oily .
Very Informative website with a lot of good work
Great food and nice people very pleasant experience .
A very nice park .
The architecture is simplz splendid .
the service is quick .
This is my favorite coffee store .
Got to love this place .
Attentive to the needs of customer .
Great work , good price .
Feels like you are in Brooklyn , but people watching is entertaining .
remember to ask for extra vege
Usually very quick and timely .
Doctor Bogomilsky knows her stuff too .
The best Supermarket in Bay Ridge have everything what a customer needs .
Did a great job of removing my tree in Conyers .
Nice little locally owned greek bar and grill .
It 's impossible to understand how this place has survived .
The finest German bedding and linens store .
Quality and service come first here .
hard to forgive such an awful margarita and steep prices but the food can be good
I would highly recommend Landscape by Hiro .
Great job on my roof and the pricing was fair .
Will use again in the future .
Listened to my problem and took care of it .
I just called this number and it is a Ralph 's Market .
Close to my house , this is the only reason I would go to this particular QT .
This is a great place to get a permit
I had to get a permit here , it was cool
Darla is amazing , I would recoment her to anyone .
kudos to Allentown Post Office staff
The staff in Allentown are friendly , helpful and a delight to know ..
I just had the best experience at this Kal Tire location .
Courteous , fast and friendly .
Did services I asked them NOT to do and was still charged .
The best climbing club around .
The food is excellent , but very overpriced .
How do you run a cafe , with no refills on coffee - ?
the team at barton car wash was very friendly .
and did great job .
i was very pleased with the service .
There is no lower rating for Noonan 's Liquor , owners and employees .
A negative number is not available .
Very friendly people offering a brilliant service .
Sent scented flowers home instead of postcards .
Recommend you call in for a look .
Good food , good location , and good prices .
But the servers do n't pay attention to you whether it 's busy or not .
And from a place that specializes in high quality meat , too .
Great meats that are already cooked , easy to take home for dinner .
A Top Quality Sandwich made to artistic standards .
Drum and bass as standard .
Will never use again .
The workers sped up and down the street with no mind to the small children playing .
they are the best orthodontics in the world .
now i will have really straight teeth .
Nothing too much trouble for Ian , thanks for a great stay .
Daniel and his assistant both did a great job .
what a mind blowing servicing
Sheer contrast to getting it done at karol bagh which is done under the wooden plank
Decent place to stay , I would stay there again .
Rooms were clean , plenty of things to do near hotel , and safe part of town .
I have been using Steele Electric for years .
They have always done a great job at a reasonable price .
However , I did not find her very helpful and her receptionist was rude .
Hit or miss on the service .
My fries were n't fully cooked last time I went there .
Pretty spendy for really not great quality
The management and staff are superb .
I worked with Sam Mones who took great care of me .
This is by far the best run dealership in Miami .
If you want the best for your child , do n't hesitate in visiting this wornderful school .
The food is terrible .
Just do n't go there .
Her flexibility and accessibility made for an easy closing .
I have no complaints about the service I received .
This man was polite , professional , clean and quick .
I never felt worried and walked away satisfied .
Superior work - always comes through when we need him .
It 's a fine place , I 'm just a little mystified about the Michelin star .
Nothing wrong with it , just better options at this price point .
We love everything about the fence .
I schedule my weekly appointment here just to get a chance to lie comfortably on my tummy .
I know now where to get all of my wine and beer .
No need to go to a grocer again .
We would like to thank our emergency plumbers who visted our shop in Morningside Road today .
A fast service , saved a bad situation getting a lot worse .
The restaurant is the most beautiful thai restaurant in Geelong ... just love it
Very professional , talented , unic and fresh work .
The food was incredibly bland .
I would n't want any other company in my time of need .
Fried rice has NO flavor , it literally taste like water .
wow , the representative went way above and beyond in helping me with my account set up .
i wish the other utilities i had to set up had people to work with like this ..
Get there and there was nothing .
Would not recommend I Was in a fair amount of pain for several weeks .
Best Limo Limousine service in all of Dallas
I use their limo services for all of my airport car services and airport transportation needs
Very knowledgeable and friendly design build firm .
They specialize in financial institutions , medical , and retail projects .
These guys know what they 're doing and helped me in all phases of our project .
I had no problem with my delivery .
I will go there again .
I think this location is no longer in business .
MFJ Inc transformed our run down back yard into a place of beauty .
Now I 've found someone who can manage to do what I really want .
I do n't recommend this place to anyone or even anything to eat .
I was hoping to have found a regular place to eat .
They are like family .
Your children will be taken care of and loved by a professional staff .
This place offers a great manicure and pedicure .
I would not hesitate to use him again or refer him to my family or friends .
Farrell Electric is a very good electrical contractor .
I 'm pleased that someone referred me to them for my commercial business .
I own a property management firm and need a contractor with the credentials that Farrell Electric has .
Cleanest guesthouse i have been to
The owner was very friendly and helpful .
The rooms were very clean and the breakfast was excellent .
Good location and off road parking made our stay very convenient .
I have never been disappointed .
Do n't waste your money on the jukebox
Noticed a few of these Cookie cutter places opening in Summit and New Providence .
Really great service and kind staff .
It 's a nice , relaxed place to get stuff done and relax .
I plan on going again .
good outside , bad inside
the apartment only looks good outsize , inside is too bad .
the attitude of some staff is terrible , did not solve anything only say i can do nothing .
It turned out being very good quality tmobile service and I was happy with the new tmobile phone .
Has another store in the st. charles mall .
Very fast and efficient service .
I have had several dentists in my life , but Dr. Deters is by far my favorite .
This is a great place to shop .
If you enjoy amazing things , you must go to World 's Finest Donair .
The door is easy to use and it keeps the cold out during the winter .
The sales staff and the installation staff were all easy to get along with .
I highly recommend Garage Pros to my friends .
Like I 'm legitimately concerned at this point ... lol
We order take out from here all the time and we are never disappointed .
The food is always fresh and delicious .
I really want to like this place since I work right around the corner .
Unfortunately , I 've given it a couple of tries at different times and decided to stop going .
The employees do n't really seem to enjoy what they are doing and it shows .
They picked my car up in Yarmouth and towed to Bath for a great price .
Would do business with them again .
From the outside Ichiban looks like it will be terrible .
This could n't be farther from the truth .
The food is amazing , and the prices can not be beat .
The sushi is great , and they have a great selection .
The people at Gulf Coast Siding were very easy and clear to work with .
I found them extremely professional and would highly recommend them .
A real pleasure training with Natasha .
Always professional and reliable , sessions are good fun and suitably challenging .
I would highly recommend her services .
I do nt go there anymore
These people were so helpful this week and did everything to sort out my windscreen and insurance .
It was all sorted with no hassle at all and I 'm really grateful - they were fab .
The best customer service I 've come across for long time .
She makes every item fit you perfectly .
She is always so busy , too , which is a good indication of her talent .
and hopefully you do not know the same people because he tells others about you payment status .
Which should be a private issue
I hired this company to unlock my car .
The price they gave was good so I said hey this seems great .
Just wanted you to know that Eric came by as scheduled today and sprayed our house for scorpions .
I still have noticeable scarring .
I still have surgically induced hair loss .
I would n't recommend this place last year , and I certainly would n't recommend them this year .
The setting feels like a Sushi bar in NYC ; small , cozy , but with flair .
Get great service , fantastic menu , and relax .
I went to this urgent care center and was blown away with their service .
Finally a convenient place close to home .
Wonderful staff and physician .
Will definitely go back when I need medical care .
yet again it was a great stay from begiinning to end .
Incompetent servers , kitchen and management .
Even the least discriminating diner would know not to eat at Sprecher 's .
I have been going there since I was a little girl and love the friendly and relaxing atmosphere .
I just give them guide and they can find anything they need .
He 's worth every penny .
Average food and deathly slow service
I have eaten here several times and every time the service is slower than slow .
There must be a better mexican place in Rockland .
Last time I went however , my beer was warm and the service was so - so .
nice friendly local bagel place
Branch out and try something other than the Pad Thai , the curries are fantastic .
On time , Clean and very nice
I called over the weekend due to clogged kitchen sink .
Rich was here before the scheduled time .
He was very clean , very nice to work with and gave a very reasonable price .
Deep tissue massage helps with pain in neck and shoulders
From the AP comes this story :
Today 's incident proves that Sharon has lost his patience and his hope in peace .
Nervous people make mistakes , so I suppose there will be a wave of succesfull arab attacks .
Read the entire article ; there 's a punchline , too .
My opinion piece on the implications of Arafat 's passing for al - Qaeda has appeared at Newsday .
Arafat 's death creates a vacuum in Palestinian leadership that will not soon be filled .
Sharon 's assassination of major Hamas leaders has also weakened authority structures in that party .
Ash - Sharq al - Awsat reports that Fallujah was closed Tuesday in a general strike .
In Ramadi , there was a big demonstration .
Now , people wonder if Google can even survive .
That 's overstating it , I know .
It 's tough to make money branching out when your appeal is in your focus .
Shojai told the opening ceremony of the month - long fair in Tehran 's Palestine Contemporary Art Museum .
This cute little stunt is only going to prove just how fanatic the extremist Muslims are .
When they saw a cartoon of their prophet , people had to die .
When their precious cartoons are released I highly doubt it will look like the end of the world .
US Marines moved into most of Fallujah on Wednesday , though they were still meeting pockets of resistance .
The US Marines took most of Fallujah Wednesday , but still face pockets of resistance .
The intrepid Ed Wong of the NYT has more on the Sunni boycott of the elections .
For some black satire on Fallujah , see Unconfirmed Sources which has some fun with my Weblog .
The hottest item on Christmas wish lists this year is nuclear weapons .
Arial photos , loose connections to AQ Kahn and Libya make up the evidence that the group presented .
Russia also announced that it was seeking and building the best nukes the world ’s ever seen .
It is rumored that North Korea has at least a couple nuclear weapons .
I ran across this item on the Internet .
Yet we did n't charge them for the evacuation .
And what do we get for this effort ?
That 's right , folks .
Here 's an excerpt from the article :
The wedding had to be postponed as family members fled the outbreak of the war , she said .
I really have n't thought about writing a book .
My life is too complicated right now trying to do my job .
It 's a Western scene by a guy named W.H.S. Koerner called ' A Charge to Keep . '
So he 's got a -- I 'm a decision - maker and I can make good decisions .
That 's a Senate term -- particularly on good judges .
The hymn was sung at my first inaugural church service as governor .
The painting is based upon the hymn called , ' A Charge to Keep . '
The hymn talks about serving something greater than yourself in life .
I -- which I try to do , as best as I possibly can .
Now that 's a rambling response .
It is true that Google has been in acquisition mode .
Ben Goodger is the lead engineer for Mozilla Firefox .
Every move Google makes brings this particular future closer .
It 's this sort of enlightened self interest that keeps large open source projects alive .
Fascinating viewpoint of the future in Epic .
Thanks for the link .
Malach , What you say makes sense .
State is the body with experience in international affairs and administration .
The civilians in the Department of Defense only know how to blow things up .
They actively excluded State Department Iraq hands like Tom Warrick .
I have long been a trenchant critic of the Sadrists .
But they have n't been up to anything extraordinary as far as I can see in recent weeks .
This is either gross incompetence or was done with dark ulterior motives that can scarcely be guessed at .
He did comment on what he meant by the phrase . '
The Army is unlikely to forgive or forget ; but who provoked it and why ?
i am not going unless lisa promises to get all wasted and boob out .
I definitely could use a drink , actually a couple would probably do better .
Anybody up for happy hour after work ?
you do n't know what that means ?
i am going out tonight to get wasted if anyone is interested .
they have n't heard from you in a while .
i have to go to butt - fucking mississippi .
i am not looking foward to that but do n't tell val .
the following weekend i will be ready to rock .
i think they are all bark and no bite .
i think they could get their asses kicked by cats .
they look like they were doberman pinchers who were shrunk .
why do you think they are mean ?
In other words the table is set .
Deal your meal from where the dishes are located .
Power be where power lies .
you are n't going in for the wedding until sunday now ?
you guys want to watch the game at woodrow s tomorrow ?
plus we can be outside watching it .
This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain privileged or confidential information .
If you have received it in error , please notify the sender immediately and delete the original .
i am going to happy hour after work to eat and drink .
what do you mean i am perverted ?
you love it when i come over .
Steve , Rod and Elyse -
I look forward to seeing you all there .
We have changed our e-mail address .
Attached please find the GE Guarantee in Word format .?
Do not hesitate to call us with any questions .
He gave no indication on the value of the highest bid .
If you have any other questions , please let me know .
Cloud has instructed me to call with any further questions .
A clean and redlined version are attached .
We are OK to execute this form .
Let me know if acceptable and I will go ahead and execute .
What 's going on dude ?
Heather moving in has been a different story .
How is your love life .
The gal from the wedding was pretty hot .
Our extra bedroom is nicer now .
My old bed got tossed in a dumpster .
It smelled like shit .
Did you survive the honeymoon ?
These look fine to me .
Go ahead and forward to Brant if you are ready .
... Now comes the fun part ....
Thanks to all who volunteered .
You will remain as alternates .
This year it is very easy to make your contribution .
you know that both o'neal and matt are out ?
the weather is going to be fine , hector was just blowing smoke .
have you heard from anyone ?
also , what 's the deal with the weather this weekend ?
Your father never listens to me , what can I say ?
Any news on Aunt Toni ?
Glad to hear all is well .
It is n't about finding the meaning of life at work .
Things with me are great .
Thanks for thinking of me to send it to .
We certainly fit into certain parts of the article .
There are a few life theories like that which working through .
London has been great .
Traders over here seem to have a lot more respect for other humans .
Catriona is well and has landed herself a pretty cool job in PR .
For me it is n't about fulfillment or finding my life 's purpose in my work .
Work hard and retire early .
P.S. I am moving back to Calgary in about a month .
Enron continues to feel free to move me around at will .
let 's discuss next time we have amstel lights together .
I was thinking of converting it to a hover vehicle .
I might just sell the car and get you to drive me around all winter .
You have always been on the move seeking affectionate , satisfying and harmonious relationships .
Whatever you strive to do , something always seems to be holding you back .
You are your own person ... and you demand freedom of thought ... to follow your own convictions .
You wish to be left in peace ... no more conflict and no more differences of opinion ...
In fact you just do n't want to be involved in any arguments of any shape or form ...
Raw data is on the fisrt tab of the file to the right .
Do you still have the historical nymex settle file that you created for Lavo 's spread analysis ?
If you do would you send me a copy ?
I tried to do it on the HRonline web - site , but the procedure is too complicated .
I anticipate completing the review of the Master Agreement form and submitting comments to you by Monday .
Greatly appreciate your prompt feedback to this inquiry .
PS - Were you having phone system problems this morning ?
Further to our conversation , please see attached sample agreements .
I have sent your question re on line trading to that area .
I am in the process of reviewing your special provisions .
Jackie Taylor - she is located at Court House Concessionaire and under her name in the directory .
Please let me know if you need anything else .
As you see it was CES acquired by ENA in asset purchase .
Please let me know how you would like to proceed .
As you can see there are several blanks concerning administrative information for ENA Upstream .
Do you have this information ?
Please find attached a credit worksheet for a Master Firm contract for the above mentioned counterparty .
Please forward a copy of the J.M. Huber Corporation Guaranty to my attention .
They are taking delivery in the U.S .
Thanks for your message .
Can you send me the data you used : I shall take a look at it .
The coefficient and standard error are as followed :
Therefore I could not estimate the mean reversion rate as the estimated slope has the positive sign .
I have also tried monthly data and the results are the same .
It would be appreciated if you could advice me on this matter .
This is the best solution given all the uncertainties we face .
Thanks for the message regarding a possible intern for your group .
When we start the summer process , we will interview the candidate and slot him for your group .
Hope all is well with you
I have visited Georgia Tech on Thursday .
He came across as a very bright person , very personable .
I can take him as a summer intern .
I hope you have a good flight back to home .
It was a good opportunity to know about Enron and its finance sector .
I have already submitted my resume and cover letter right after the talk .
However , you ask me to send a copy of resume and cover letter again .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon and have a nice day .
P.S. Tom , Please , contact Vernon and get the details .
I would like to have a meeting to go over the payment methodology .
Scott Neal and Tom Martin would like to attend as well .
Please let me know what time we could meet .
This section pertains to terminated employees who are paid out in the year following the termination event .
If you would prefer to settle the taxes with a personal check , we can distribute gross shares .
Please let me know you preference .
Please let me know a date and time that is convenient for you .
Thank you for digging in to the issue of Deferred Phantom Stock Units .
Can you help me interpret this statement and work through the numbers on my account .
Let me know when you get the quotes from Pauline .
It is my understanding that some rock will be removed and replaced with siding .
If they are getting quotes to put up new rock then we will need to clarify .
Jacques is ready to drop in a dollar amount on the release .
If the negotiations stall , it seems like I need to go ahead and cut off the utilities .
Hopefully things will go smoothly .
Let me know what you think of this property .
Also , let me know of any other ideas about replacement property .
Take a look at this spreadsheet .
I tried to calculate the IRR on the port Aransas and Roma post offices .
Is this how your clients usually evaluate these properties ?
The Roma deal looks much better .
This sounds better than the limitations you were describing in the meeting .
Hope you enjoy the posts and feel free to jump in anywhere .
This message was cancelled from within Mozilla .
for Books that Speak for Themselves ....
large selection of fiction , science fiction and best sellers .
So please update whatever you need to and go to
Again I apologize , but it 'll be better over there .
Needs good family in Houston or surronding area , needs lots of attention , very loving .
Sounds like your cat is stressed out .
Maybe he does n't want to play when they want to ..
cats react to the treatment they receive , they are not toys .
The games will have to take place on Fri , Sat , or Sun .
Please let me know if this sounds good , and if you have any question , please ask .
This e-mail is never sent unsolicited .
The multiple planetary afflictions are taking their toll .
Currently , Mercury and Venus is conjunct and the conjunction is being closely aspected by Rahu .
Most of them are of high quality .
You 'll also find some stories .
That way we 'll all be part of building a huge archive of cat pictures .
I feel great in it .
First time I started wearing woman 's lingerie I was very young .
Later on I red somewhere that it 's seakness .
Now I have wife and son .
My wife know my harmless secret and supports me .
Frequent travelers and executives are among the masses that get a lot of discount in the airfare .
It is easy to get discount airfare for them since they travel very frequently .
Cheap air tickets for Corporate
Corporate plans are clubbed with other services through some agencies to provide better service for their staff .
Some countries like Malaysia and Singapore promote trading for foreign visitors during some part of the year .
During this period , they offer cheap air tickets to their country on certain flights .
The test itself is what is called a substitution test .
I am in need of test subjects and hope you will take it .
The test , along with an information form , is available at : .
I think a test like this one is much needed .
are there any sadists out there who share the same tastes as i do ?
sincere appologies to anyone who is offended by my request but my request is genuine .
My name is Bill Gottlieb :
Thank you for your time and attention .
please support the link bellow which is excelnt , thank for your click and attention :
Only time will reveal whether Griffin 's expectations are either exceeded or confirmed .
Cloaking himself in Yasser Arafat 's legacy , Abbas pledged to fulfill Palestinian dreams of statehood .
Abbas also pledged to resolve the problem of millions of Palestinian refugees and their descendants .
In response to the rockets , Israel resumed its policy of targeting militant leaders in air strikes .
Iguazu is NOT a country ....
How much is a big mac in your country ?
What foods do you eat in Miramar ?
you mean miramar florida theyy have good seafood there
Have you had any knowledgement about pearl pigment .?
... Nope and I am proud of it ... because my teacher have nt taught us that yet ...
Can you recommend any restaurants in Buenos Aires ?
I will be vacationing there
There are several just off their beautiful beach .
cos i ll be going to baguio alone and i have tight ?
What do you eat in Miramar ?
Anyone know of any HHa training in Delaware ?
I assume you mean the crazy horse memorial .
they have their own website which you can easily find using any search engine .
Here is a product page from a company that makes mold making materials
It is a starting place to look
How many days will speed post take to reach from Delhi to Mumbai ?
What is the nearest National Park to Birmingham , UK ?
The South Shropshire Hills are far closer .
They are not a national park , but are extremely beautiful .
Certain elements of the travelling community engage in this activity , but overall no not really .
some members of the traveler community bare knuckle box .
other than that i do n't know .
I have hundreds of VHS movies lying around ... what should I do with them ?
They bulk up too much space
I gave mine to a rest home for senior citizens and an old soldiers ' home .
give them to a library or burn them .
it s your cat you can pick and name you want
would someone give me some information about migratory birds in punjab ?
What is the dress code for males at Del Frisco 's Philadelphia ?
information on the Eurostar train ?
can children go on the Eurostar train on there own to France and where about is the Eurostar located
Eurostar runs from London St Pancras station .
What is the dress code for females at Del Frisco 's Philadelphia ?
It says business casual but I know this can be interpreted in many ways .
Well you say Miramar I say Piramar
Let s call the whole thing off .
Miramir is for real , but there are a lot that make you wonder .
There are way more stranger names in the U.S for areas than Miramar .
i think Miramar was a famous goat trainer or something .
Anyone have a good recipe for an empanada cordobes ?
How about empanadas arabes or other empanadas from that area of Argentina ?
Here it is right here .
It 's just like cooking kidney , just boil the piss out of it
hope they do n't call the police and arrest you
it s illegal to sell stolen property , even if you do n't know it s stolen .
Erm ya How can I watch Fair City Online in England lols ?
They do n't show it on RTE Player
Deco is still with Caoimhe .
Hope you do n't miss it too much .
You need a background in law enforcement .
It 's not enough to have photography skills .
Talk to your academic adviser , see what they recommend .
Was the iPhone the first Smart Phone ?
Technically , blackberry was because it was the first with real email and games and stuff .
But it did revolutionize the way we think of as a smartphone .
I am going on a private boat cruise with my friends from Florida .
Will stay in the waters for few days .
Will we need a passport ?
How can i get Weed in Auckland ?
Can ssome oone please tell me where i can buy some weed in auckland .
Give me an address or something please idk .
Getting real frustrated now aye .
Anyone who looks like a druggy or dodgy .
Why would someone post the location of a dealer in a public place ?
Drop by my house , I can get you some real cheap .
It s a Reel and i have danced to it before ..
With no link provided it is hard to say .
Try googling it or type it into youtube you might get lucky .
Help findin a restaurant for anniversary in SF ?
What would happen if you flew the flag of South Vietnam in Modern day Vietnam ?
You would be violating the law .
You will also face the ire of most people there .
They might be imprisoned or executed
Yes , it would be an execution punishment .
Where do we vote ?
Obviously because i want to vote .
You voted on the Dominion Posts website .
What kind of Meal do peopel in Argentina have ?
Like in America dinner is our main meal .
and around what time they eat each of their meals .
they eat lots of grilled meat , chorizo , and such , with potatoes
why do i want to do work experience at an animal center ?
How are strangers supposed to know why YOU want to do that sort of job ?
you should work that out before applying .
Cheap restraunts close to Orchestra Hall in Chicago ?
For a field trip with my orchestra , we are going to the Chicago Symphony Orchestra .
Before that , we are turned loose to get dinner .
Does anyone have any ideas for restaurants within walking distance where I ca n't get lost ?
Maybe if you post the question again , someone will give you a good answer .
Does Crack Barrel ban employees from having tattoos ?
If you know or work there could you enlighten me ?
People are open minded thr since the place is frequented by Firangs .
Most likely not , if there is not a bird sitting on the eggs .
Cockatiels can lay unfertilized eggs as well .
You can try picking up the eggs and holding it up against a very bright light .
Why is the city called Miramar ?
There 's also a Miramar in California , the site of a rather large Air Force Base ...
well i d just come straight out and tell them how you feel
it may sound like a bad idea
is it still available ?
because i have read that there are times it s not available .
if it s not available is there nearby alternative to store my luggage ?
Yes storage for your luggages is still available at Gare Montparnasse .
they r open mind for talk ?
they will talk to me if i am mexican ?
You can find American girls all over the city .
Going to Fiji and i can not wait ?
A way I could get there by boat instead of taking another plane ride
you need to bring me next time
If you can not wait you should book an earlier flight .
I learned that morcillas are basically impossible to find all across the North American region .
So follow the link at the bottom and buy some blood sausages .
Is there any kind of public transport available between noida and greater noida ?
Yes bus service is available .
Yes dear , You can find lots of public transport options between Noida to Greater Noida .
i 'm doing a report on how afghanistan and Vietam are different and alike .
i need to know how they are different and alike in these area's
impact of the war on the American people ?
When she was a tiny little kitten she looked like those twinky snack cakes .
My cat s Called Frank because the year we got him was the year Frank Sinatra died
what does it mean when a veiled chameleon egg is soft ?
If she has no male to fertilize the eggs , the eggs will aways be infertile .
Is it better to book a cruise online or by a travel agent ?
First time to go on A cruise any and all info is appreciated
I have not had good experience with travel agents .
So now I do not bother with them at all .
best is using an online travel agent
okay .... I have a dog and my mother is really really terrified of hamsters .
Well last night while I was sleeping , my hamster escaped from his cage .
I have lots of containers in there .
Anybody give me ideas like a trap or something ?
Find him before he finds the dog food .
It had been eating dog food the whole time .
It was huge and scared the crap out of me .
He will come and eat
Start cleaning and start looking .
i want a small indoor pet that my mother will let me have please help
i want something cheap east to take care of and something to hopefully fit in my room
no pet is really easy to take care of .
Having a pet is n't easy .
You should treat all pets like children .
They require a lot of attention or they get fussy and tear stuff up .
If you want easy then go with a gold fish or hamster .
Fish are probably the easiest to take care of though .
I ve been dating a man from brittany france for a couple of months now .
I just do nt want to freak him out or make him feel uncomfortable .
Is it ok for a woman in french culture to make the first move ?
What do french men find sexy ?
And you take it up from there .
Just make sure that it is a light meal with little alcohol .
best square slice around .
best place for snowboard eva .
A most outstanding , professional firm .
Well kept facility with friendly staff .
Good food and coffee with a nice atmosphere
Responsive , kept me apprised of status .
Good quality Indian food in a pleasant environment
High guality pup food at a good price .
But no other complaints .
The World 's Fair museum was pretty cool .
There is no delivery .
Great atmosphere , great food .
Some of the nicest people and very good work standards
Blooming onion , the only reason to visit this restaurant .
I wo n't go to anyone else .
Great job master keying our building .
Dr. Dorn is his backup .
No meat on Burger and too much pepper .
Absolutely my favorite store in Lawrence , KS
The food 's okay , but the price is outrageous .
Nice and quiet place with cosy living room just outside the city .
You were extremely polite and professional .
Prime rib was very tough .
Compare to last decade this University is gaining more prestige in International level
If you 're looking for homestyle Japanese food , you ca n't beat this
ca n't remember good or bad , so it must have been meh .
Great service and awesome prices .
Great spot to kick back for a cup of joe and a snack .
The experience with every department has been great .
Your average crappy chain .
Food is awful and the place caters to the yuppy crowd .
great garage and customer service .
great knowledge and prices compared to anyone in the industry .
Food drastically let's the place down though
This is a great facility .
this place is awesome twelve did an amazing job place is clean and staff is friendly
I will gladly recommend you to anyone in need of or looking for a good florist .
Excellent service , close to the morse red line stop .
Rooms were outdated , dirty , and small .
Great Family Fun and Bonding
Not friendly , not helpful , overall poor customer service .
Definitely not going to purchase a car from here .
Just received from your flower store .
Holy cow was that a delicious meal .
Please update this listing in you database .
I go Disco dancing and Cheerleading .
Worst buffet period by far .
They did a vehicle wrap for my Toyota Venza that looks amazing .
They also do banners , billboards and lots more .
I have used them once and will use them in the future .
Beautiful work , fast shipping and great communication .
Calls are now forwarded to Malcolm Smith Motorsports down the road .
Good job very professional .
It made me feel good to see people work so hard to take care of others belongings .
Best yellow curry that I have ever tasted .
Staff is super friendly and very attentive .
Price is also very reasonable .
A very well established service with a satisfying outcome .
A well communicated and will be hireing again for another projects ......
Clean rooms , great for the price and cheapest on the exit .
The front desk staff was very pleasant and efficient .
Great place for embroidery .
They have good sushi for a good price .
My favorite so far in Bellevue .
Store is on the small side and atmosphere is just average .
Good food and very friendly staff .
Interesting good value wine list to .
Beer a bit expensive .
Not only are these people completely inefficient and ineffective , but they just do n't give a darn .
This place is a complete embarrassment .
My favorite place to eat .
I 'm very happy with the piano lessons Mrs. Lynda Mcmanus taught me .
Now I 'm able to play the piano pretty well .
It s the only pizza place I recommend in Woodland Hills .
They 've always been timely and inexpensive .
Every thing here is good .
Fish tacos are my fave simple and filling Highly recommend Mi Pueblo .
Gets busy so come early
Good local bike shop .
Jason and the boys can do about anything you need .
The shop is located just off the river road .
This place is clean and well run with great people .
The food is fresh and taste great .
Great value and service .
Great Service and hairstyles that last .
I am pleased with the service that i get at Luxe .
The staff is very pleasant and my hair is always fresh .
They are very good teachers and nice people to meet here .
A good place to improve your English
Great place to catch a band or catch up with friends .
Ice cold beer and good prices .
Kitchen puts out good food and has daily specials .
I would recommend not using this company .
Do not use these guys .
Lied right to my face then denied it .
I won a golf lesson certificate with Adz through a charity auction .
So i booked the lesson and loved it .
It 's fine for ...
Do n't think I 've ever been charged before .
Oh , and salad cream , not mayonnaise , on the coleslaw .
Slice Pizza at former Britt 's Location
Do the job honest and quickly as possible .
I would hesitate to recommend anyone .
A wonderful tutoring service for students needing help with elementary - middle school work .
Food - very good for a midnight meal that is n't fast food .
Service - the workers are usually pleasant .
Atmosphere is always fun , the assortment of customers adds entertainment to the meal
it was worth of the ride more than an hour ...
this is not where the Blue Water Bridge Duty Free is located .
moving with a pod was the best moving experience i have had .
Best Cigar lounge on the blouvard .
Encino has been blessed by the opening of this smoke shop most definately .
I would n't go to anyone else .
Everyone on staff is very professional and friendly .
The furnishing and finishes are great .
I highly recommend Bay View if you are looking for Accommodation in Camps Bay .
Surprisingly , this little strip mall restaurant has the best sushi I 've found in the Tampa area .
It 's fresh and really tasty .
We had a fantastic time .
Sand Hill park was a great beach ...
Delivery is lightning fast .
But otherwise , it can feel pricey for what you get .
Like the sushi , do n't like the pad thai .
Holly - the owner , knows exactly how to make you feel beautiful in clothes .
Stylish and contemporary , no matter your size or personality type .
Very poor customer service .
The pizzas are huge and super delicious .
We were made to feel very welcome .
Well worth a visit .
She answers all questions asked and provides the best service i have ever seen .
I have a new born daughter and she helped me with a lot .
I will never come here again .
I am a new patient .
I found the office to be very clean and professional - looking .
Want a great burger ?
Salad bar is hit and miss for freshness - sometimes the broccoli looks browned around the edges .
I wish I could have a slice for every single meal .
Luckily I live very close , so I can abuse it during week - ends ...
Caldwell insurance has been doing our insurance for a couple years now and they have been extremely thorough .
Mary is an excellent host who does yummy breakfasts .
My room was delightful and the attention to detail was amazing .
Cheap Hotel Rome - thanks for finding us a hotel at the last minute .
The best photographer in Miami
The food was excellent and the service was terrific .
It is a cloth napkin kind of place , but I thought well worth it .
Great place for people in chronic pain .
Staff is very friendly they treat you like a human being and not just another patient .
The best company in Phuket for creating website and e-commerce website .
From first meeting with them to launch of my website , everything went smooth and on schedule .
Highly recommended for who wants to have website .
Great with SEO as well .
I used Birdies for our Annual Walk Against Drugs and Alcohol event .
They were very professional , neat and clean .
They came through on all of their promises and we had a very successful day .
I will be using Bridies again .
We have Hobby Lobby , Just for Fun Fabrics , Walmart , and Interior Mall just inside Barling .
They do have a good selection of fabric and notions .
It was clean , but just a little dumpy .
Lots of room for big rig parking .
Hard to get into though because of road construction .
The chicken cordon - blu was tasty and came in a huge portion size for the money .
Service was a touch slow , but friendly .
Accurate check - out .
Summary : Not cheep , but very fast , and super friendly service .
Quality of work is sufficient but not outstanding .
Will be a repeat customer with discount coupons .
He cross examined witnesses relentlessly and had them break down and tell the truth .
If you want an attorney who will defend your right , contact Law Offices of Armando Villega
Checked in real late , but staff was very kind and helpful .
Rooms very clean and smelled very fresh .
I would recommend this hotel to anyone .
Thanks for following me around the store
I do n't steal , I was n't acting suspiciously .
Best meat pies in Canada
If you are looking for authentic British meat pies , then look know further .
I especially like the Chicken Curry pie .
What a neat gem of a restaurant in a corner one would n't expect it .
Most importantly , the food was outstanding .
We 'll be back often .
Thanks For A Great Job
No more having to drive to San Francisco for a great mani pedi .
Both Tina and Vicky are excellent .
The reason I go back is because the employees are sooooo nice . ”
I came in to get a nice gift for my wife .
But thankfully there are other flowers shops around Norman .
Destiny Allison 's metal sculptures were my favorite .
The owner Karla is welcoming and fun .
If you want cheaply made glass from India and China , this is not your place .
These people only carry the very best American blown glass .
Their selection is top notch and the staff is very knowledgable .
He worked on it right on the back of my car .
Glad I called before I arrived with my box to ship .
Thought adding a comment would save someone the hassle with a useless trip there .
the food is mediocre at best .
the waitress took my name and then called me that all night .
it 's passable as a pub , but the pizza is not that great .
if you want good pizza , go to famoso .
And they seem to be posted at fairly regular intervals ?
Harlan provides great service .
He is very knowledgeable and took the time to explain the repairs to me .
The work on my car was done quickly and I felt I could trust his work .
I have nothing but fantastic things to say .
I highly recommend his shop .
They are the only place I would take my car peiod .
Took a laptop in for a video cable to be replaced .
Everything except the display worked fine before I took it in .
The video cable was replaced and suddenly the motherboard was dead .
Phone calls were n't returned when promised and the botched repair took a week longer than promised .
We have stayed at Tanglewood for many years now .
We have never had a problem with the cabins .
They are always so helpful .
The cabins have always been clean .
Helen is a wonderful place to take you family .
I did n't know what I was missing .
The lowest bed here is better than my last salon s highest level .
Salon is clean and girls are nice .
If possible I try the services on myself before I bring in my son .
Drs. Ali work wonders .
Neither me nor my son have n't had a single cavity since we started dental care there .
The team focus is prevention and education .
That alone makes them unique .
They offer a large variety of quality hotdogs and hamburgers They also offer veggie dogs .
The fries are of good quality , the staff is friendly .
There is something wrong or maybe the individual made a mistake but to me that is not integrity .
Also , they have great customer service and a very knowledgeable staff
